Anti-inflammatory adrenal steroids that neither inhibit skin collagen synthesis nor cause dermal atrophy
Erythema elevatum diutinum associated with IgA paraproteinemia successfully controlled with intermittent plasma exchange
Letter: Hair transplant plugs sites as source of immunofluorescence substrate
Milialike idiopathic calcinosis cutis in Down's syndrome
Verrucous carcinoma
Lupus erythematosus profundus
Immunohistologic patterns of congenital nevocellular nevi
Phakomatosis pigmentovascularis type IVa
Skin in protein energy malnutrition
Keratosis punctata of the palmar creases
DNA-based prenatal diagnosis of heritable skin diseases
Topical fluorouracil in vitiligo
The “Spoke Sign”
Scarring alopecia
The relationship between discoid and systemic lupus erythematosus
Analysis of the cornified cell envelope in lamellar ichthyosis
Bullous pemphigoid following the topical use of fluorouracil
Histology of autosomal dominant ichthyosis vulgaris and X-linked ichthyosis
Freedom to Innovate: The Perils of Centralized Medical Research
Bi-directional isomorphism: coexistence of psoriasis vulgaris and familial benign chronic pemphigus
Generalized eruption in a patient with pseudoxanthoma elasticum
Juvenile xanthogranuloma. An atypical case with study of ultrastructure
Painful, purpuric plaques in a child with fever
Chronic cutaneous herpes simplex
Depressed tuberculin sensitivity in Darier's disease
A bullous eruption in a young woman. Bullous pemphigoid (BP)
"Sulfoxone (Diasone) sodium for dermatitis herpetiformis" by Cornbleet, December 1951. Commentary: Sulfoxone (Diasone) in the treatment of dermatitis herpetiformis
Quadrant distribution of basal cell nevi
Scabies: histological study of inflammatory lesions
Development of verrucous plaques and gross hematuria in advanced cutaneous T-cell lymphoma
Lipodystrophia centrifugalis abdominalis infantilis
Dermatomyositis with squamous cell carcinoma of the nasopharynx
Primary granulomatous dermatitis caused by Rhodochrous. Evidence for a pathogenic role in humans
Unilateral lichen planus: an unusual presentation
Silicone-associated connective-tissue disease. The debate rages
Sunlight and pityriasis rosea
Experimental infection with Candida albicans
Dermatology collection of the American Academy of Dermatology
The effect of corticosteroids on human epidermal mitotic activity
Zonisamide for Weight Reduction in Obese Adults
Malignant atrophic papulosis: treatment with aspirin and dipyridamole
Acquired hypertrichosis lanuginosa and malignancy. A clinical review and histopathologic evaluation with special attention to the "mantle" hair of Pinkus
Cancer and scleroderma
Cosmetic tattoo ink darkening. A complication of Q-switched and pulsed-laser treatment
Patient Satisfaction as a Possible Indicator of Quality Surgical Care
Acute Urticaria in Infancy and Early Childhood
Epidermolysis bullosa with dysuria due to a cicatricial stricture of the preputial orifice
Letter: Emendation to "bitemporal aplasia cutis congenita"
Dinitrochlorobenzene therapy for alopecia areata
Botryomycosis. A bacterial cause of mycetoma
Topical minoxidil lacks efficacy in alopecia areata
Unilateral dermatomal superficial telangiectasia
Metaplastic bone formation in an organoid nevus
On the cause of green hair
American Society of Dermatopathology. Abstracts. Annual meeting, Dec. 1, 1978
Paresthesia from cutaneous exposure to a synthetic pyrethroid insecticide
Firm linear plaque on the lip of a child. Granular cell tumor (granular cell myoblastoma, granular cell schwannoma)
Portrait of an Ideal Chairman of an Academic Department of Dermatology
Treatment of primary biliary cirrhosis
Psoriatic enteropathy
Conidiobolus coronatus infection treated with ketoconazole
Human ehrlichiosis--United States
Reticular erythematous mucinosis syndrome. Report of two cases
Congenital, painful, aberrant hyponychium
Trichophyton rubrum bullous tinea pedis in a child
Toxic erythema with generalized follicular pustules caused by streptomycin
Outcomes of pregnancies among women and partners of men with a history of exposure to methoxsalen photochemotherapy (PUVA) for the treatment of psoriasis
Manifestations of late congenital syphilis. An analysis of 271 patients
Generalized malignant acanthosis nigricans and primary fibrinolysis. Occurrence with squamous cell carcinoma of the uterine cervix
Darier's disease. An electron microscopic study
The effect of occlusion of the skin with transdermal therapeutic system on Langerhans' cells and the induction of skin irritation
Scabies in blacks
Sebaceous gland papules in anhidrotic ectodermal dysplasia
Familial X-linked ichthyosis, steroid sulfatase deficiency, mental retardation, and nullisomy for Xp223-pter
Host-defense mechanisms in hidradenitis suppurativa
Cutaneous T-cell recruitment in toxic epidermal necrolysis. Further evidence of CD8+ lymphocyte involvement
Abrasive treatment of psoriasis
Solitary nodule on the arm of an infant. Infantile myofibromatosis (IM)
Median raphe cysts of the penis
Letter: Treatment of atopic dermatitis with topically applied caffeine
Recent onset of smooth, shiny, erythematous papules on the face. Steroid rosacea secondary to topical fluorinated steroid therapy
Treatment of Excessive Anticoagulation With Phytonadione (Vitamin K): A Meta-analysis
Hailey-Hailey disease: response to vitamin E therapy
In vivo observation of magnified features of pigmented lesions on volar skin using video macroscope. Usefulness of epiluminescence techniques in clinical diagnosis
Assessment of disease progress in psoriasis
Treatment of eczema herpeticum with systemic acyclovir
Early effects of ultraviolet light on DNA synthesis in human skin in vivo
Hair growth and alopecia in hypothyroidism
Auricular chromomycosis
Improvement of psoriasis vulgaris with oral nickel dibromide
Causes of porphyria cutanea tarda
Tar photoxicity and phototherapy for psoriasis
Cutaneous manifestations of angioimmunoblastic lymphadenopathy
Proliferation of melanocytes in keratoacanthoma
Primary cutaneous aspergillosis in a leukemic child
Natural history of psoriasis in 61 twin pairs
Symmetrical peripheral gangrene and disseminated intravascular coagulation
Immunofluorescent studies in lichen nitidus
Psoriasis--changes in surface microtopography
Toxic alopecia caused by pyridostigmine bromide
Acne fulminans associated with painful splenomegaly
A case of relapsed leprosy successfully treated with sparfloxacin
Motives and dinitrochlorobenzene
Hemorrhagic bullae associated with Vibrio vulnificus septicemia. Report of two cases
Selective decrease of 15-hydroxyeicosatetraenoic acid (15-HETE) formation in uninvolved psoriatic dermis
Isotretinoin does not prevent basal cell carcinoma
Sesquiterpene lactone dermatitis. Cross-sensitivity in costus-sensitized patients
Relationship of Bowen's and non-Bowen's squamous intraepidermal neoplasia to internal malignant neoplasms
Sweet's syndrome in subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus
Piebaldism
Hereditary acrokeratotic poikiloderma
Essential fatty acids and epidermal integrity
Letter: Untoward reaction to injections to insoluble corticosteroids
19-DEJ-1, a hemidesmosome-anchoring filament complex-associated monoclonal antibody. Definition of a new skin basement membrane antigenic defect in junctional and dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa
Apocrine gland organic hamartoma (apocrine nevus)
Mycosis fungoides involving the brain and optic nerves
Topical drug effects on normal and proliferating epidermal cell models
Urticaria pigmentosa in monozygotic twins
Idiopathic CD4+ lymphocyte deficiency. Report of an unusual case associated with atopic dermatitis and allergic contact dermatitis and review of the literature
Microcystic adnexal carcinoma. Report of a case with 30-year follow-up
Accuracy of melanoma diagnoses
Twelve-Month Follow-up of Cognitive Behavioral Therapy for Children With Functional Abdominal Pain
Letter: Methylene blue and light therapy for herpes simplex
Glucocorticoid-induced vasoconstriction in human skin. An inhibitory role on phospholipase A2 activity
Herpes gestationis. A clinicopathologic study
Severe allergic contact dermatitis from dinitrochlorobenzene in a patient with human immunodeficiency virus infection
Letter: Pomade acne in black skin
Mycetoma-like infection caused by previously undescribed bacterium
Troponin Levels and Mortality After Noncardiac Surgery—Reply
Multiple fire ant stings. A complication of alcoholism
Hemochromatosis, melanosis, and hypovitaminosis C
Pruritus in psoriasis. A prospective study of some psychiatric and dermatologic correlates
Zosteriform papular eruption. Zosteriform lichen planus
Hyperplastic reaction developing within a tattoo. Granulomatous tattoo reaction, probably to mercuric sulfide (cinnabar)
Human leukocyte antigen in Sweet's syndrome and its relationship to Behcet's disease
Falsely normal direct immunofluorescent microscopic fundings in bullous impetigo
Vasculitis associated with intestinal bypass surgery
Ivermectin for Crusted Norwegian Scabies Induced by Use of Topical Steroids
Diagnostic value of indirect immunofluorescence on sodium chloride-split skin in differential diagnosis of subepidermal autoimmune bullous dermatoses
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs in cellulitis: a cautionary note
Small plaque (digitate) parapsoriasis is an 'abortive cutaneous T-cell lymphoma' and is not mycosis fungoides
Spread of tumors to the skin
Fabry's disease
Varicella in patients infected with the human immunodeficiency virus
Aleukemic leukemia cutis
Captopril-induced eruptions
Juvenile xanthogranuloma in a patient with Niemann-Pick disease
Histochemistry and fine structure of oral lesions of mucous membrane pemphigoid. Preliminary observations
A pseudoglandular, basal-cell carcinoma, mimicking "skin tissue with invasion growth of adenocarcinoma"
Worsening of Bullous Pemphigoid Following Bacillus Calmette-Guérin Treatment for Bladder Cancer
Eccrine-centered nevus
Academic manpower in dermatology
Erythema chronicum migrans with purpura and polymorphonuclear infiltrates
Successful treatment of an antimony-resistant American mucocutaneous leishmaniasis: a case report
Inborn errors of biotin metabolism
Light Pulses Activate Neurons
Fluocinonide. Preliminary evaluation of a new topically applied corticosteroid
Infrared photographic studies of rosacea
Melanosis of the skin, cause unknown. Jaundice secondary to ulcerative colitis
Topical fluocinonide and tachyphylaxis
An Infant With Firm, Fixed Plaques
Continuing increase in infectious syphilis--United States
Acne vulgaris. Oral therapy with tetracycline and topical therapy with vitamin A
Superficial phaeohyphomycosis of the scrotum in a patient with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Antidepressant drugs in dermatology. An update
Letter: Facial hemiatrophy in art
Petition Targets Painkiller Marketing in Effort to Curb Overdose Deaths
Sturge-Weber syndrome associated with multiple myeloma
Turban ear
Unilesional mycosis fungoides or lymphomatoid keratosis?
Leishmania tropica infections
Proceedings: Macular amyloidosis
Hair growth in scalp grafts from patients with alopecia areata and alopecia universalis grafted onto nude mice
An immunosuppressive serum factor in widespread cutaneous dermatophytosis
Moderate Exercise for Improvement in 6-Minute Walk Test Performance in Stable Coronary Heart Disease
HLA and epidermolysis bullosa. Association between the HLA complex and recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa
Letter: Allergic contact dermatitis due to halotex solution
Teledermatology in the nursing home
Fibronectin, wound contraction, and epithelialization
Porokeratosis
Papular elastorrhexis: a variety of nevus anelasticus?
An evaluation of method reporting and use in clinical trials in dermatology
Treatment of eruptive xanthomas in Cori type I glycogenosis
Validation of a diagnostic test. Epidemiologic principles in dermatology
Scrotal calcinosis. Dystrophic calcification of epidermoid cysts
Eruptive nevi in Addison's disease
Erythema nodosum-like lesions of leukemia
Hepatocellular carcinoma
Photocontact allergic reactions
Acral keratoderma
Clinical findings, cutaneous pathology, and response to therapy in 21 patients with keratosis pilaris atrophicans
Dermatology in Japan
Herpes simplex infection complicating Darier's disease. Caused by type 1 herpesvirus hominis
Letter: Subcorneal pustular dermatosis controlled by vitamin E
Persistent subcutaneous nodules in patients hyposensitized with aluminum-containing allergen extracts
Severe cutaneous vasculitis complicating ulcerative colitis
Summertime Actinic Lichenoid Eruption, a Distinct Entity, Should Be Termed Actinic Lichen Nitidus
Finding the Evidence With Eponyms
Thalidomide treatment of recurrent necrotic giant mucocutaneous aphthae and aphthosis
Skeletal manifestations in cutaneous T-cell lymphomas
Childhood discoid lupus erythematosus
Allergic contact dermatitis from doxepin cream. One-year patch test clinic experience
Gene rearrangements and T-cell lymphomas
Mutilating basal cell epithelioma
The detection of lanolin allergy
Experimental cutaneous candidiasis in rodents; II. Role of the stratum corneum barrier and serum complement as a mediator of a protective infalmmatory response
The molecular genetics of basement membrane diseases
The Detection of Motion by Blind Subjects With the Epiretinal 60-Electrode (Argus II) Retinal Prosthesis
Pemphigus and other diseases. Results of indirect intercellular immunofluorescence
Chronic mucocutaneous candidosis. An update
Disseminated Mycobacterium chelonae subspecies chelonae infection with cutaneous and osseous manifestations
Signaling networks in barrier homeostasis. The mystery widens
Streptococcal ecthyma. Treatment with benzathine pencillin G
How Often Does Oral Treatment of Toenail Onychomycosis Produce a Disease-Free Nail?
Multiple papules on the elbows. Congenital osteoma cutis
Aquarium-borne Mycobacterium marinum skin infection. Report of a case and review of the literature
Dyskeratosis congenita and intracranial calcifications
Alopecia mucinosa. Additional data in 1983
Site of action of methotrexate in psoriasis
Dominant dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa
Purpura and gangrene in a septic patient. Purpura fulminans secondary to pneumococcal sepsis
A Prospective Study of Autistic-Like Traits in Unaffected Siblings of Probands With Autism Spectrum Disorder
Natal teeth and steatocystoma multiplex complicated by hidradenitis suppurativa. A new syndrome
Contact sensitivity to the amide anesthetics lidocaine, prilocaine, and mepivacaine. Case report and review of the literature
Chronic actinic dermatitis. Study of the spectrum of chronic photosensitivity in 12 patients
Malignant acanthosis nigricans associated with osteogenic sarcoma
The treatment of severe psoriasis. A national survey
Tulip fingers
The black keratinous cyst. A sign of hemochromatosis
Treatment of psoriasis by the topical application of the novel cholecalciferol analogue calcipotriol (MC 903)
Hidrotic ectodermal dysplasia in a black mother and daughter
Letter: Squamous cell carcinoma due to radioactive ring
Widespread crusted plaques and a history of blisters. Bullous ichthyosiform erythroderma
A family with lesions on the face, hands, and buccal mucosa. Cowden's disease
Spontaneous rectus hematoma: occurrence in a patient with Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome Type IV
Contact sensitivity to Pityrosporum ovale in patients with atopic dermatitis
Over-the-counter clobetasol propionate
Familial lupus: spectrum of disease in one family
Syringomas as a causative factor for cicatricial alopecia
Skin infiltration in Hodgkin's disease
Hypopigmentation following the use of Cordran tape
Multiple facial nodules in a young woman
Pyoderma gangrenosum in a patient with HTLV-III antibody
Risk factors for local recurrence of primary cutaneous squamous cell carcinomas. Treatment by microscopically controlled excision
A community study of delay in presenting with signs of melanoma to medical practitioners
Two cases of juvenile hyalin fibromatosis. Some histological, electron microscopic, and tissue culture observations
Terra firma-forme dermatosis
Cutaneous periarteritis nodosa
Another sea pest
Oral hyposensitization to poison ivy and poison oak
Allergic contact dermatitis to topical fluorouracil
Bacillary epithelioid angiomatosis occurring in an immunocompetent individual
Panniculitis in infants
Kaposi's sarcoma responsive to interferon therapy
Use of sulfasalazine in dermatitis herpetiformis in young people
Elevation of serum triglyceride levels from oral isotretinoin in disorders of keratinization
Cutaneous eruptions from suramin. A clinical and histopathologic study of 60 patients
Enlarging, painful scalp nodule. Proliferating trichilemmal tumor
Cutaneous myiasis caused by the African tumbu fly (Cordylobia anthropophaga)
Topical chemotherapy and immunotherapy of mycosis fungoides: intermediate-term results
Congenital onychodysplasia of the index fingers. Iso and Kikuchi syndrome
Nail involvement in histiocytosis X. A 12-year retrospective study
Psoriasiform plaque on the buttock. Tuberculosis verrucosa cutis
Eruptive Angiomas After Treatment With Cyclosporine in a Patient With Psoriasis
Focal dermal hypoplasia syndrome. A review of the literature and report of two cases
Photodynamic therapy in dermatology. Shedding a different light on skin disease
Hypothyroidism, insulin resistance, and acanthosis nigricans
Loss of membrane B2 microglobulin in eccrine porocarcinoma. Its association with the histopathologic and clinical criteria of malignancy
Factitial dermatitis as the presenting sign of multiple lentigines syndrome. Therapeutic effect of autodermabrasion
Inhibition of rat skin ornithine decarboxylase by nitrofurazone
IgE in the serum and on mast cells in bullous pemphigoid
Proceedings: Dimorphous leprosy
Letter: Secondary syphilis and sarcoidosis
Dietary Composition During Weight-Loss Maintenance—Reply
Indurated plaques and nodules on the face. Lymphocytoma cutis
An unusual case of erythropoietic protoporphyria
Xeroradiographic observations in four patients with chronic renal disease and cutaneous gangrene
Syringoma
Erythema elevatum diutinum and Crohn disease: a common pathogenic role for measles virus?
Familial epidermodysplasia verruciformis of Lewandowsky and Lutz
Aging of the skin: implications for cutaneous surgery
Urea in the topical treatment of atopic eczema
Thyroid neoplasms after radiation therapy for adolescent acne vulgaris
Transcriptional control and cell type specificity of HPV gene expression
Mucinous nevus
Infantile syphilis accompanied by anticomplementary effect of Cryoglobulin. Report of a case
In vitro release of minoxidil from topical formulations
Dialysis therapy for psoriasis. Report of three cases and review of the literature
Update: acquired immunodeficiency syndrome--United States, 1981-1988
Bullous pemphigoid: clinical and serologic evaluation for associated malignant neoplasms
Solitary trichoepithelioma in a 70-year-old man
Lenticular psoralen photoproducts and cataracts of a PUVA-treated psoriatic patient
Cutaneous chylous reflux
Fistula of the dorsum of the nose
Angiokeratoma circumscriptum following damage to underlying vasculature
Hyperimmunoglobulin E syndrome
A comparison of dermatologists and generalists. Management of childhood atopic dermatitis
Commentary: Darier-White disease
Peculiar pruritus
Retroperitoneal liposarcoma metastatic to scalp
Multifocal Merkel's cell tumors associated with a cutaneous dysplasia syndrome
Production of macrophage inhibitory factor by patients with leprosy
Metastatic calcification with skin necrosis
Keratosis follicularis spinulosa decalvans. An infant with failure to thrive, deafness, and recurrent infections
Epidermal nucleolar IgG deposition in clinically normal skin: clinical and serologic features of eight patients
The syndrome of congenital telangiectatic erythema and stunted growth
'Stockbroker's knee'
Nevus comedonicus with epidermolytic hyperkeratosis. A report of four cases
A case of an unusual mole. Combined Spitz Nevus
Egg Allergy Treatment
Dermatologic uses of lasers in China
Malignancies after Grenz-Ray therapy
Ichthyosis hystrix. Epidermolytic hyperkeratosis; discordant in monozygotic twins
Crystalloid inclusions in endothelial cells of cellular and capillary hemangiomas. A possible sign of cellular immaturity
Multiple papulocystic lesions on the trunk. Eruptive vellus hair cysts (EVHC)
Computed Tomographic Screening for Lung Cancer—Reply
Isolation of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 in cutaneous blister fluid
Erythema ab Igne elastosis
Pulse therapy. Therapeutic efficacy in the treatment of pyoderma gangrenosum
The pyloric atresia-junctional epidermolysis bullosa syndrome. Report of a case and review of the literature
Antibiotic prophylaxis of wound infections in skin surgery
Infectious potential of aerosolized particles
Decreased cyclic AMP in the epidermis of lesions of psoriasis
Dermatology in South Africa
Treatment of plantar warts by blunt dissection
Pityriasis rubra pilaris responding to aminonicotinamide
Cutaneous eruptions and in vitro lymphocyte hypersensitivity. Associated with oral contraceptives and mestranol
A Florid, Tiny, Discrete Eruption on the Penis
Keratoacanthomas arising in hypertrophic lichen planus. A case report
Neomycin sensitivity
Tissue debris at the injury site is coated by plasma fibronectin and subsequently removed by tissue macrophages
Detection of antineutrophil cytoplasmic antibodies in patients with hepatitis C virus-induced cutaneous vasculitis with mixed cryoglobulinemia
Photocontact allergic reactions. Elicitation by low doses of long ultraviolet rays
Allergic contact dermatitis in two machinists
Disseminated acanthamebiasis in patients with AIDS. A report of five cases and a review of the literature
The oral mucosal punch biopsy. A report of 140 cases
Folliculocentric basaloid proliferation. The bulge (der Wulst) revisited
Segmented heterochromia in black scalp hair associated with iron-deficiency anemia. Canities segmentata sideropaenica
Hyperpigmentation of the lower extremities associated with porphyria cutanea tarda
Continuing medical education: albatross or challenge?
Angiosarcoma of the face
Herpes gestationis. Histology and ultrastructure
Arciform blistering in an elderly woman. Linear IgA dermatosis (LAD)
Bringing Diagnosis Into the Quality and Safety Equations
Multiple penile chancres. An atypical manifestation of primary syphilis
Peritoneal malignant mesothelioma with multiple distant skin metastases
Necrotic skin lesions associated with disseminated candidiasis
Human louse infestation
Letter: Bowen disease of the nail bed
Atypical multicentric reticulohistiocytosis with paraproteinemia
Vesicobullous lesions in a child. Bullous pemphigoid (BP)
The delayed postburn blister. A commonplace but commonly overlooked phenomenon
Latex allergy. Review of 44 cases including outcome and frequent association with allergic hand eczema
Atypical gingivostomatitis. Nineteen cases
PUVA-bath photochemotherapy resulting in rapid clearance of lymphomatoid papulosis in a child
Use of short-course class 1 topical glucocorticoid under occlusion for the rapid control of erythrodermic psoriasis
Topical application of cyclosporine on guinea pig allergic contact dermatitis
Human Herpesvirus 8-Specific DNA Sequences in Primary Cutaneous B-Cell Lymphomas
Corymbose secondary syphilis: occurrence as a solitary group of lesions
Letter: Occupational vitiligo caused by paratertiary butylphenol
Anatomical location of normal skin flora
Ivory-colored papules in a young boy. Mucopolysaccharidosis type II-B (Hunter's syndrome, mild)
What can we believe?
Human adjuvant disease following augmentation mammoplasty
Nodular lesions in disseminated Mycobacterium fortuitum infection
Recurrent leg ulcerations as the initial clinical manifestation of Klinefelter's syndrome
Toxic epidermal necrolysis and amiodarone treatment
Prior x-ray therapy for acne related to tumors of the parotid gland
Bilateral ulcers in a patient with a hereditary bullous dermatosis. Squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) arising in recessive dystrophic bullous dermatosis
Acquired progressive kinking of hair. Report of six cases and review of literature
Sensory radicular neuropathy
Antimalarial agents. Chloroquine, hydroxychloroquine, and quinacrine
Letter: Grenz ray shielding
Aeromonas hydrophila infection of the skin
In Reply
Subcutaneous masses with multiple myeloma. Cutaneous extramedullary plasmacytoma
Performance of six sunscreen formulations on human skin: a comparison
Possible Overuse of 3-Stage Procedures for Active Ulcerative Colitis
Ichthyosis follicularis with alopecia and photophobia
Unilateral ashy dermatosis occurring in a child
Lack of serum selenium rise after overnight application of selenium sulfide
25 percent glutaraldehyde solution for warts
Cat-scratch disease skin test. Studies of specificity and histopathologic features
The effectiveness of low-strength anthralin in psoriasis. A paired comparison study
What Can Be Learned by Residents Caring for Children With Lifelong, Chronic, Complex Conditions?
Progressive osseous heteroplasia
Accessory tragi
The Shulman syndrome
Ashy dermatosis or lichen planus pigmentosus: what is in a name?
The development of expertise in dermatology
Disseminated candidiasis. Newer approaches to early recognition and treatment
Psoriasis, cyclosporine, and pregnancy
Q-switched ruby laser therapy of nevus of Ota
Methotrexate for the treatment of Mucha-Habermann disease
Myeloid metaplasia of the skin in two patients suffering from primary myelofibrosis
Long-standing subcutaneous nodule in a young woman. Plexiform fibrohistiocytic tumor
Black nails with Proteus mirabilis
Pattern of familial aggregation of vitiligo
Rat mite dermatitis: a family affair
Cyclosporine and male-pattern alopecia
Topical antiseptics
Reticulin and endomysial antibodies in bullous diseases. Comparison of specificity and sensitivity
Demonstration of Herpes virus by electron microscopy in the crust of a healing lesion of eczema herpeticum
Possible association between breast cancer and malignant melanoma
Human papillomavirus-35-positive bowenoid papulosis of the anogenital area and concurrent human papillomavirus-35-positive verruca with bowenoid dysplasia of the periungual area
Hypergammaglobulinemic purpura, acquired ichthyosis, and renal tubular acidosis
Congenital unilateral benign papillomatosis of the mouth
Biting insects
Verrucose areolar hyperpigmentation of pregnancy
Depressed tuberculin sensitivity in porokeratosis
Resolution of Intimate Partner Violence and Child Behavior Problems After Investigation for Suspected Child Maltreatment
Diagnosis and treatment of nevomelanocytic lesions of the skin. A community-based study
Lymphocyte response to phytohemagglutinin in atopic dermatitis
Angiolymphoid hyperplasia with follicular mucinosis
Skin-associated lymphoid tissue (SALT)-related B-cell lymphoma (primary cutaneous B-cell lymphoma). A concept and a clinicopathologic entity
Ultraviolet radiation and psoriasis
Severe acute myopathy induced by isotretinoin
Xanthoma disseminatum. Clinical, metabolic, pathologic, and radiologic aspects
Alopecia areata and regrowth of hair
Letter: Zosteriform lentiginous nevus
Bullous disease of childhood: report of a case demonstrating antibasal cell antibody
Lentigo maligna is more common on the driver's side
Coexistence of pemphigus foliaceus and mycosis fungoides
Taurine and diet in psoriasis
Persistent subcutaneous abscesses following Pseudomonas sepsis. Treatment by surgical incision and drainage
Primary cutaneous Neisseria gonorrhoeae infections
Elevated C-Reactive Protein Levels, Psychological Distress, and Depression in 73 131 Individuals
Mal perforans and spina bifida occulta
Immunofluorescence findings in rapid whitening of scalp hair
Plantar warts recently turned black. Clinical and histopathologic findings
Formalin pigment in skin
Inhibition of induction of human contact sensitization by topical glucocorticosteroids
Staphylococcal scalded skin syndrome in an adult
Cutaneous infarction. Manifestation of disseminated mucormycosis
An epidemic of canine scabies in man
Treatment of lentigo maligna with the carbon dioxide laser
Povidone panniculitis. Polyvinylpyrrolidone panniculitis
National survey of undergraduate dermatologic medical education
Werner's syndrome with associated malignant neoplasms
Loose anagen hair as a cause of hereditary hair loss in children
Sweat gland necrosis in barbiturate poisoning
Topical methenamine therapy for hyperhidrosis
Immunologic features of chronic granulomatous mucocutaneous candidiasis before and after treatment with transfer factor
Subcutaneous sarcoidosis
Antimitotic drugs and aggressive squamous cell tumors
Nodal and subcutaneous cellular blue nevi. A pseudometastasizing pseudomelanoma
Multiple agminated juvenile melanoma
Plasmapheresis for psoriasis
A clinical evaluation of 0.05 per cent desonide cream. A new nonfluorinated topical corticosteroid
The truth about erythema migrans
Atopic dermatitis and impaired neutrophil chemotaxis in Job's syndrome
Mycosis fungoides successfully treated with cyclophosphamide (Cytoxan)
Antibodies inside our keratinocytes?
Erythema multiforme with mucous membrane involvement and Stevens-Johnson syndrome are clinically different disorders
Anaphylaxis following the use of bacitracin ointment. Report of a case and review of the literature
Primary cutaneous pleomorphic small T-cell lymphoma. A review of 11 cases. The French Study Group on Cutaneous Lymphomas
Psoriasis and cigarettes. Another nail in the coffin
Treatment of generalized pustular psoriasis with methotrexate and colchicine
Primary dapsone-resistant Hansen's disease in California. Experience with over 100 Mycobacterium leprae isolates
Allergic contact dermatitis to epinephrine
Systemic amyloidosis complicating dermatoses
The velvet case
Percutaneous absorption of topically applied triamcinolone in children
Acral lentiginous melanoma
Focal acantholytic dyskeratosis in pityriasis rosea
Multiple fibrofolliculomas with trichodiscomas and acrochordons
Cutaneous Mycobacterium bovis infection of 40 years' duration
Papulonodular lesions. Primary systemic amyloidosis associated with multiple myeloma
Dermatitis produced by applications of monobenzone in patients with active vitiligo
Cutis verticis gyrata as a marker of internal malignancy
Chromoblastomycosis
New coal tar extract and coal tar shampoos. Evaluation by epidermal cell DNA synthesis suppression assay
Vitamin E treatment of dermolytic bullous dermatosis: a controlled study
Recombinant interferon gamma in psoriasis
Morbilliform eruption in a liver transplantation patient
Giant inflammatory targetoid plaques. Granuloma annulare (GA)
Dermatologists in the year 2000. Will supply exceed demand?
A histologic comparison of congenital and acquired nevomelanocytic nevi
Phenytoin modulates connective tissue metabolism and cell proliferation in human skin fibroblast cultures
Cutaneous ciliated cyst of the chin. Probable bronchogenic cyst
Tropical rat mite dermatitis. Report of six cases and review of mite infestations
Calcitriol-resistant rickets with alopecia
Erythema nodosum and serological lupus erythematosus. Simultaneous occurrence in a patient using oral contraceptives
Topical steroid-antibiotic combinations: assay of use in experimentally induced human infections
Giant angiofibroma in tuberous sclerosis
Generalized drug reaction sparing nevus depigmentosus
Allergic contact dermatitis caused by idoxuridine. Patterns of cross reactivity with other pyrimidine analogues
Small cell carcinoma of the lung with Leser-Trelat sign
The art of writing a clinical paper
Hepatotoxic reactions in a patient treated with etretinate
Action of topically applied arachidonic acid on the skin of patients with psoriasis
Spontaneous disappearance of molluscum contagiosum. Report of a case
Outpatient phototherapy for psoriasis
Cutaneous Rhizopus and Aspergillus infections in five patients with cancer
The incidence of agranulocytosis during treatment of dermatitis herpetiformis with dapsone as reported in Sweden, 1972 through 1988
Vitiligo and autoimmune polyendocrine deficiencies with autoantibodies to melanin-producing cells
Colloid milium. Histochemical and electron microscopic studies
Systemic lupus erythematosus occurring in a patient with epidermolysis bullosa acquisita
The expanding spectrum of a new disease, bacillary angiomatosis
Pyoderma pathophysiology and management
Coexisting malignancies in patients with malignant melanoma
Growth Hormone–Releasing Hormone Improves Cognitive Function in Older Adults: Sleep On It
Allergic contact dermatitis from neutral red applied for herpes simplex
Epidermolysis bullosa acquisita in a patient with multiple endocrinopathies syndrome
Mycobacterium kansasii infection with dermatologic manifestations
Epigastric rosacea
Cerebellar ataxia in a family with recurrent epidermolysis bullosa dystrophica
Progeria (Hutchinson-Gilford)
Short-contact therapy
Snake Oil for the 21st Century
Erythema multiforme with mucous membrane involvement and Stevens-Johnson syndrome are clinically different disorders with distinct causes
No More Apologies
Autofluorescence emission spectra of dermal lipofuscinosis associated with amiodarone therapy
A flagon of yeast
Solar uticaria. Photoallergen in a patient's serum
Dermabrasion for nodular cutaneous elastosis with cysts and comedones. Favre-Racouchot syndrome
Linear IgA bullous dermatosis clinically simulating pemphigus vulgaris
Usefulness of direct immunofluorescence in patients with lupus erythematosus
Acquired localized pigmentation. Primary localized cutaneous amyloidosis (PLCA)
The physician-scientist. A vanishing oxymoron?
Atenolol-induced pustular psoriasis
Treatment of pemphigus vulgaris with brief, high-dose intravenous glucocorticoids
Sudden vegetation of the mouth. Pemphigus vegetans of the mouth (Hallopeau type)
Scanning electron microscopy of tinea versicolor organisms. (Malassezia furfur--Pityrosporon orbiculare?)
Recognizing Patient Discomfort When Forgoing Artificial Nutrition and Hydration in Severe Dementia
Dietary factors in acne vulgaris
Xeroderma pigmentosum. Complementation group C and malignant melanoma
Evidence for HTLV-I associated with mycosis fungoides and B-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia
Chronic benign familial pemphigus. Minimal involvement mimicking chronic perianal candidiasis
An unusual tubular apocrine adenoma
Mucous gland basement membrane immunofluorescence in cicatricial pemphigoid
A clinical screening program for topical chemotherapeutic drugs in psoriasis
Clinical, Pathologic, and Immunologic Features of Human T-Lymphotrophic Virus Type I–Associated Infective Dermatitis in Children
Acquired lymphangioma of the vulva: palliative treatment by means of laser vaporization carbon dioxide
UV-B phototherapy. An overview
Drugs and their use
The bone marrow in urticaria pigmentosa and systemic mastocytosis. Cell composition and mast cell density in relation to urinary excretion of tele-methylimidazoleacetic acid
Toxic epidermal necrolysis following measles vaccination
Benign pigmented nevi in children. Prevalence and associated factors: the West Midlands, United Kingdom Mole Study
Eosinophilic fasciitis. Increased collagen production and type I procollagen messenger RNA levels in fibroblasts cultured from involved skin
Unilateral nevus of Ota with sensorineural deafness
Solitary small active junctional nevi in juvenile patients
Cataracts in a patient with vitiligo who received photochemotherapy
Capillary gas chromatography of urine samples in diagnosing cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis
Letter: Antiepithelial antibodies: a possible clue to malignant neoplasms
Nonpigmented dysplastic melanocytic nevi
The secretion of salt and water by the eccrine sweat gland
Thalidomide in the treatment of Behcet's syndrome
Lung abscess. Complication of high dosage steroids in bullous pemphigoid
Idiopathic unilateral facial hirsutism: report of a case
Hypocalcemia in impetigo herpetiformis: a secondary transient phenomenon?
Painful and nonpainful piezogenic pedal papules
Nail changes in histiocytosis X
Distinctive eruption characterized by linear supravenous papules and erythroderma following broxuridine (bromodeoxyuridine) therapy and radiotherapy
Protease inhibitors in plasma of patients with chronic urticaria
Adult and Pediatric Dermatology: A Color Guide to Diagnosis and Treatment
Warts in meat-cutters
Histologic artifact due to Madajet
Dermatitic epidermal nevus
Variable erythrokeratoderma. An unusual case
Prurigo nodularis. Histological and electron microscopical study
Histologic comparison of autologous graft-vs-host reaction and cutaneous eruption of lymphocyte recovery
Vancomycin-induced linear IgA bullous dermatosis
Cutaneous malignancies in patients treated with psoralen photochemotherapy (PUVA) for vitiligo
Proceedings: Porphyria cutanea tarda
Dermatologic radiotherapy 1981
Benign mucous membrane pemphigoid in an 18-year-old woman
Visual Function and Optic Pathway Glioma: A Critical Response—Reply
Dermabrasion for the Treatment of Xeroderma Pigmentosum
Recrudescence of acute photosensitivity following short-term steroid therapy
Leiomyosarcoma of the scalp in a newborn
PECAM-1 (CD31) is expressed on proliferating endothelial cells, stromal spindle-shaped cells, and dermal dendrocytes in Kaposi's sarcoma
Human hair form. Morphology revealed by light and scanning electron microscopy and computer aided three-dimensional reconstruction
Pseudallescheria boydii in an immunocompromised host. Successful treatment with debridement and itraconazole
Graft-versus-host reaction. Cutaneous manifestations following bone marrow transplantation
P53 oncoprotein expression and gene mutations in some keratoacanthomas
Polymyositis in association with melanoma
Generalized acute mucocutaneous herpes simplex type 2 with fatal outcome
Familial variant of dermatofibroma with malignancy in the proband
President Cleveland's palatal tumor
Successful use of topical vitamin E solution in the treatment of nail changes in yellow nail syndrome
Autoantibodies to hair follicles in normal individuals
Barbers' interdigital hair sinus
Neonatal lupus erythematosus. A report of three cases associated with anti-Ro/SSA antibodies
Letter: Basal cell carcinoma overlying dermatofibroma
Skin lesions as the sole manifestation of the fetal varicella syndrome
Subcutaneous neutrophilic infiltrates in acute febrile neutrophilic dermatosis
Pseudoatrophoderma colli. A familial case
Acquired hypertrichosis lanuginosa. A skin marker of internal malignancy
Vitiligo treated by psoralens. A long-term follow-up study of the permanency of repigmentation
Treatment of erythromelalgia
Mast-cell stabilization to decrease neurofibroma growth. Preliminary experience with ketotifen
Microbial flora in familial benign chronic pemphigus
Letter: Scabies in Greece
Idiopathic atrophie blanche: treatment with low-dose heparin
Potassium iodide in the treatment of erythema nodosum and nodular vasculitis
Development of neuroendocrine (Merkel cell) carcinoma mixed with squamous cell carcinoma in erythema ab igne
Nodular subcutaneous sarcoidosis
Chronic pain and scarring from cement burns
Alopecia universalis. A manifestation of occult amyloidosis and multiple myeloma
Successful treatment of lichen nitidus
Nail deformity with nonunion of distal phalanx
Effects of in vivo administration of anti-Ia antibodies on contact sensitivity
Lichen planus and hepatitis C virus--related chronic active hepatitis
Coats disease. A condition that may mimic the Sturge-Weber syndrome
The cutaneous manifestations of violence and poverty
Cutaneous stigmas of heroin addiction
Association of Inflammatory Factors With Macular Edema in Branch Retinal Vein Occlusion
A bullous skin disease patient with autoantibodies against separate epitopes in 1 mol/L sodium chloride split skin
Carabao rash
Pruritic urticarial papules and plaques of pregnancy. Involvement in mother and infant
Ultrasonography of the Lungs and Pleurae for the Diagnosis of Pneumonia in Children
Ampicillin rashes. Collaborative study
High-dose methotrexate-induced bullous variant of acral erythema
Modification of eye shields for use in x-ray therapy of eyelid cancers
Intra-arterial reserpine for Raynaud's syndrome. Systemic reactions without therapeutic benefit
Erythematosquamous skin lesions in hereditary lactate dehydrogenase M-subunit deficiency
Contact dermatitis to desonide
Loaiasis. A case report and review of the literature
Leukotrienes and other lipoxygenase products in the pathogenesis and therapy of psoriasis and other dermatoses
Helicobacter pylori antibodies in patients with psoriasis
Recent experience with skin cancer
Abnormal T-cell response in toxic epidermal necrolysis
Presumptive nickel dermatitis from hemodialysis
Epidermal changes in vitamin B 12 deficiency
Cytomegalovirus is predictably present in perineal ulcers from immunosuppressed patients
Photo-urticaria
Yellow nail syndrome
Unusual skin pigmentation from long-term methacycline and minocycline therapy
Postcontraceptive acne
From the MMWR. Methemoglobinemia due to occupational exposure to dinitrobenzene--Ohio, 1986
A case of nondermatophytic toe onychomycosis caused by Fusarium oxysporum
Circulating skin-homing T cells in atopic dermatitis. Selective up-regulation of HLA-DR, interleukin-2R, and CD30 and decrease after combined UV-A and UV-B phototherapy
Nail dystrophy in dyskeratosis congenita and chronic graft-vs-host disease
Subcutaneous sclerosis with fasciitis and eosinophilia after phytonadione injections
Liver disease in psoriatics--An effect of methotrexate therapy?
Chancroid. A newly important sexually transmitted disease
Persistent genital ulceration. Chancroid
Methotrexate hepatotoxicity in psoriasis. Consideration of liver biopsies at regular intervals
The cutaneous manifestations of sinus histiocytosis with massive lymphadenopathy
Pediculicide performance, profit, and the public health
Production of Sezary-like cells from normal human lymphocytes
Elastosis perforans serpiginosa induced by penicillamine
Cutaneous mycobacteriosis: occurrence and significance in two patients with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Photochemotherapy for psoriasis
Eosinophilic fasciitis
Congenital nevi. The controversy rages on
Acquired epidermolysis bullosa with the clinical feature of Brunsting-Perry cicatricial bullous pemphigoid
The Wolff-Chaikoff effect: hypothyroidism due to iodine application
Pretibial epidermolysis bullosa. Successful therapy with a skin graft
Prognosticators of Persistent Symptoms Following Pediatric Concussion
Eruptive keratoacanthoma with an internal malignant neoplasm
Argon laser therapy of small cutaneous vascular lesions
Chemical exposure-induced cutaneous fibrosis. Lessons from 'experiments of nature'
Cutaneous corticosteroid injection and amaurosis. Analysis for cause and prevention
Polymerase chain reaction detection of circulating melanocytes as a prognostic marker in patients with melanoma
The discrimination between CD8+ cytotoxic and CD8+ suppressor lymphocyte subsets within cutaneous infiltrates
Cutaneous inoculation tuberculosis secondary to 'jailhouse tattooing'
Cutaneous angiomas in POEMS syndrome. An ultrastructural and immunohistochemical study
Livedo vasculitis. Therapy with pentoxifylline
The ecology of dermatologists
Familial background of respiratory atopy. A factor of type I allergy to house dust mite in patients with atopic dermatitis
Combined acral and flexural reticulate pigmentary anomaly
Percutaneous absorption of minoxidil
Facial erysipelas in the immunocompromised host. Report of two cases
Treatment of Hallopeau's acrodermatitis with triamcinolone acetonide
Spindle and epithelioid cell nevus (Spitz nevus). Natural history following biopsy
Treatment of prurigo nodularis with thalidomide
The usefulness of immediate skin tests to haptenes derived from penicillin. A study in patients with a history of previous adverse reactions to penicillin
Letter: Acne and ovral
Polyamines and psoriasis
Sialoendoscopy for the Treatment of Pediatric Salivary Gland Disorders
Bart's syndrome. Ultrastructure and genetic linkage
Errors in Text and Conversion Factors in: Validation and Refinement of a Prediction Rule to Identify Children at Low Risk for Acute Appendicitis
Skin metastases in an area of radiation dermatitis
Scalpel excision of basal cell carcinomas
Coexistence of pemphigus vulgaris and progressive localized scleroderma
JOURNAL OF CUTANEOUS AND GENITO-URINARY DISEASES
D-penicillamine in the treatment of localized scleroderma
Characteristic immunologic profile of large atypical cells in lymphomatoid papulosis. Possible implications for histogenesis and relationship to other diseases
Disseminated cutaneous Mycobacterium marinum infection
Spindle cell lipoma. An unusual dermatologic presentation
Multiple minute digitate hyperkeratoses or disseminated spiked hyperkeratosis
Identification of T-cell subpopulations in granuloma annulare
Absolute number of circulatory sezary cells
Ki-1+ cutaneous lymphoma. Gene rearrangement analysis of tumor cells in tissue and short-term culture of a patient
Perifolliculitis capitis abscedens et suffodiens. Resolution with combination therapy
Pyrethrins and pyrethroids in dermatology
Acute febrile neutrophilic dermatosis. Sweet's syndrome
Pustular psoriasis
Capitation for dermatologists
Lupus erythematosus. A clinician's coign of vantage
Eosinophilic cellulitis (Wells' syndrome)
Asymptomatic perianal shedding of herpes simplex virus in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Report of the Medical Liabilities Commission. Crisis in medical malpractice
Alopecia, photosensitivity, and arthritis
Educating your patient
Cutaneous stigmas associated with methedrine (methamphetamine)
Anti-IgG activity on peripheral blood lymphocytes in psoriasis
Nevus comedonicus syndrome
Evolution of an abnormal light test reaction
Electron microscopy in the diagnosis of amyloidosis
Skin lesions caused by Mycobacterium scrofulaceum
Ingestion of halogens
Pemphigus vulgaris evolving out of pemphigus erythematosus
West Nile Virus
Plasmapheresis therapy for bullous pemphigoid
Eruptive spider nevus-like lesions associated with the hyperviscosity syndrome
Allergic contact dermatitis from ragweeds (Ambrosia species). The role of sesquiterpene lactones
Alcoholic urticaria (? cholinergic) and delayed pressure urticaria
Lichen planus and lichen nitidus
Multiple papules of the scalp and forehead. Steatocystoma multiplex (facial papular variant)
Cutaneous extramedullary hematopoiesis
Acquired zinc deficiency dermatosis in man
Aluminum chloride hexahydrate treatment of localized epidermolysis bullosa
Lichenoid papular eruption in a child. Frictional lichenoid dermatitis of childhood (FLDC)
Yellow nail syndrome. Possible association with malignancy
Dermatologic radiotherapy and thyroid cancer. Dose measurements and risk quantification
An extensive papular eruption on the face of a 10-year-old girl
Pseudomonas aeruginosa O-11 folliculitis. Development into ecthyma gangrenosum in immunosuppressed patients
Association of tissue-fixed cytoplasmic deposits of immunoglobulin in epidermal keratinocytes with lupus erythematosus
Celery phytophotodermatitis in a chef
A novel bullous pemphigoid antigen (BP125) located in the deeper layers of the basement membrane zone
Steatocystoma multiplex
Tumor cell characterization of histiocytic medullary reticulosis
Spongiotic trachyonychia
Fungus-host relationship in candidiasis. A brief review
Epstein-Barr virus-related persistent erythema multiforme in chronic fatigue syndrome
Electron microscopic study of bullous pemphigoid
Lamellar ichthyosis and psoriasis
Cranial fasciitis
Pityriasis rotunda. A cutaneous sign of malignant disease in two patients
New Programs Take Aim at Neglected Tropical Diseases in the United States
Low-grade clear cell eccrine carcinoma
HLA region genes and immune activation in the pathogenesis of psoriasis
Immune complexes in cutaneous disease
Treatment of atopic dermatitis with the Scholtz regimen
Norwegian scabies in an infant with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Sarcoidosis
Extensive lichen sclerosus et atrophicus in a 7-year-old boy
Umbilical metastasis from carcinoma of the stomach. Sister Joseph's nodule
Hydrocephalus in two female siblings with neonatal lupus erythematosus
From the MMWR. Syphilis and congenital syphilis--United States, 1985-1988
Sudden, extensive induration of arms, abdomen, and legs
Purpura fulminans and transient protein C and S deficiency
Betamethasone dipropionate in optimized vehicle. Intermittent pulse dosing for extended maintenance treatment of psoriasis
Erythropoietic protoporphyria with hepatic cirrhosis
The effect of antibiotics on the efficacy of oral contraceptives. A controversy revisited
Subcorneal pustular dermatosis and pustular psoriasis. A clinicopathologic correlation
Lichenoid tissue reactions. A speculative review of the clinical spectrum of epidermal basal cell damage with special reference to erythema dyschromicum perstans
Granuloma annulare-like skin lesion due to Fusarium roseum: therapy with ketoconazole
Systemic chemotherapy for psoriasis: a national survey
Reliability of the histopathologic diagnosis of melanocytic dysplasia. The Dysplastic Nevus Panel
Azidothymidine-induced hyperpigmentation of skin and nails
Urticarial lesions and monoclonal IgM gammopathy. Schnitzler's syndrome
Cellular blue nevus. Melanogenic activity and malignant transformation
Treatment of small and medium congenital nevi with the Q-switched ruby laser
Erythropoietic protoporphyria terminating in liver failure
Melanoma within a southwestern Hispanic population
Rapid occurrence of nodular cutaneous T-lymphocyte infiltrates with cyclosporine therapy
Traditional Chinese Medicine for the Treatment of Dermatologic Disorders
Screening of patients with iron overload to identify hemochromatosis and porphyria cutanea tarda
Metronidazole in the treatment of rosacea
Dermatology in Belgium
Malignant melanoma. Who shall live and who shall die?
Rx: Capitation... a bitter pill for the near future. 2400 American dermatologists in the year 2000?
Magnetic resonance imaging. Its role in the neuroradiologic evaluation of neurofibromatosis, tuberous sclerosis, and Sturge-Weber syndrome
Nevus of large spindle and/or epithelioid cells (Spitz's nevus)
Psoriasis on scars
Double-blind study of doxycycline in acne vulgaris
Verruciform xanthoma of the scrotum
Closure of wounds under tension. The horizontal mattress suture
Human louse infestation. Treatment with Carbacide
Antinuclear antibodies and oral methoxsalen photochemotherapy (PUVA) for psoriasis
Correlation of the vasoconstriction assay and clinical activity in psoriasis
Today's scabies
Doxorubicin-associated facial flushing
Woolly hair nevus. Two case reports and a discussion of unruly hair forms
Erythropoietic protoporphyria
Sarcoidal reactions in tattoos
Infant with abnormal pigmentation, malformations, and immune deficiency
Saprophytic molds as agents of cutaneous and subcutaneous infection in the immunocompromised host
Pemphigus vulgaris. Combined treatment with intravenous corticosteroid pulse therapy, plasmapheresis, and azathioprine
Vitiligo treated with topical clobetasol propionate
Heparin liberation in urticaria pigmentosa
Thymostimulin in treatment of psoriasis
Long-standing verrucous lesion. Chromomycosis
Verrucous cyst
Vitamin A deficiency following small-bowel bypass surgery for obesity
Pathology quiz case 2. Bowenoid papulosis (BP)
Primary carcinoma of the nail bed
Pharmacologic doses of lovastatin do not predictably affect the course of psoriasis
Acquired persistent erythematous patch on the neck. Acquired nevus flammeus
Simultaneous occurrence of idiopathic lipemic tears and massive seborrhea
Long-term Surgical Outcomes of Adenotonsillectomy for PFAPA Syndrome
The significance of eccentric foci of hyperpigmentation ('small dark dots') within melanocytic nevi. Analysis of 59 cases
Cutaneous polyarteritis nodosa. Report of a case associated with Crohn's disease
Nail Changes in Patients Infected With Human Immunodeficiency Virus
Contact dermatitis to a plastic solvent in eyeglasses. Cross-sensitivity to ethyl acetate
Cyclosporine in the treatment of psoriatic arthritis
Sunburn effect on keratinosomes. A report with special note on ultraviolet-induced dyskeratosis
Discoid lupus erythematosus-like skin changes in patients with autosomal recessive chronic granulomatous disease
Cutaneous ulceration and a new cardiac murmur in a young woman
Monilial granuloma (Candida)
Metastases in dermatological patients with squamous cell carcinoma
Lowered cutaneous and urinary levels of polyamines with clinical improvement in treated psoriasis
Plasma exchange therapy in Lucio's phenomenon
Squamous cell carcinoma arising in lesions of discoid lupus erythematosus in black persons
Hemorrhagic skin infarction secondary to oral anticoagulants
HIV Racial Disparities
Unilateral perianogenital papulokeratotic lesion. Inflammatory linear verrucous epidermal nevus (ILVEN)
The elusive dermatofibromas
Definitions and guidelines for assessment of wounds and evaluation of healing
Efficacy and safety of desensitization with sulfamethoxazole and trimethoprim in 48 previously hypersensitive patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus
Graying of hair with age and sympathectomy
Herpes gestationis persisting for 12 years post partum
Should Health Care Systems and Health Care Providers Implement a New Pathway for Hospitalized Patients With Community-Acquired Pneumonia?
Normative Comparison of Patient-Reported Outcomes in Patients With Noninfectious Uveitis
The effect of regular sunscreen use on vitamin D levels in an Australian population. Results of a randomized controlled trial
Skin signs of fat embolism
Eruptive dysplastic nevi associated with human immunodeficiency virus infection
Psoriasis therapy. The effect of UV radiation on sensitization to mechlorethamine
Clofazimine in the treatment of annular lupus erythematosus
Urticarial reaction to ammonium persulfate
Localized morphea after silicone gel breast implantation: more evidence for a cause-and-effect relationship
Poikilodermatous mycosis fungoides and atrophic large-plaque parapsoriasis exhibit similar abnormalities of T-cell antigen expression
Fetal morbidity in herpes gestationis
Pseudo-Kaposi sarcoma. A patient with arteriovenous malformation and skin lesions simulating Kaposi sarcoma
The Associations Between Bullous Pemphigoid and Drug Use
Syngeneic graft-vs-host disease
Citation classics in clinical dermatologic journals. Citation analysis, biomedical journals, and landmark articles, 1945-1990
Kaposi's sarcoma localized to the site of previous vascular surgery
The incidence of malignant melanoma in New South Wales
Skin color, melanin, and erythema
Unusual digital nodules. Multicentric reticulohistiocytosis (MRH)
Carbon dioxide laser vaporization combined with perilesionally injected interferon alfa-2b in the treatment of a hyperkeratotic verruca vulgaris on the upper eyelid
Contact urticaria from cobalt chloride
Eruptive vellus hair cyst with singular histologic finding
Excited skin syndrome (angry back)
Letter: Tretinoin therapy for monilethrix
Pathophysiology of Urticarial Vasculitis
Basement membrane and fibroblast aberration in blisters at the donor, graft, and spontaneously healed sites in patients with burns
Phototoxic potential of minocycline and doxycycline
Sleep Theme Issue
Furosemide-induced cutaneous necrotizing vasculitis
Mibelli's porokeratosis of the lips
Dyskeratosis congenita with macular cutaneous amyloid deposits
Congenital absence of skin and blistering in a neonate. Bart's syndrome and mandibulofacial dysostosis
Papular mucinosis. A clinicopathologic study of four patients
In Defense of Cosmetic Surgery for Aging
Ichthyosis hystrix (Curth-Macklin). Light and electron microscopic studies performed before and after etretinate treatment
Triangular lunulae. A clue to nail-patella syndrome
Letter: Sun and fungi
Cutaneous melanoma in a patient with neurofibromatosis
Topical minoxidil does not act as an antiandrogen in the flank organ of the golden Syrian hamster
Contraceptive conundrum. I
Griseofulvin levels in stratum corneum. Study after oral administration in man
Multilating granuloma inguinale
Purple toes and livido reticularis in a patient with cardiovascular disease taking coumadin. Cholesterol emboli associated with coumadin therapy
Clinical parameters of tumescent anesthesia in skin cancer reconstructive surgery. A review of 86 patients
Localized pustular skin eruption. Localized pustular drug eruption secondary to ampicillin
Anti-endomysial antibodies. A serologic marker of dermatitis herpetiformis
Are medical journals obsolete?
Small-intestinal mucosa in pemphigoid and subcorneal pustular dermatosis
Verruca restricted to the areas of black dye within a tattoo
Occupational clustering of melanoma
Contact dermatitis to East Indian leather
Congenital generalized lipodystrophy with abnormal growth hormone homeostasis
HLA-B12 in alopecia areata
The Bazex-Dupre-Christol syndrome
Halo congenital nevus undergoing spontaneous regression. Involvement of T-cell immunity in involution and presence of circulating anti-nevus cell IgM antibodies
Successful treatment of keratoderma hereditaria mutilans with an aromatic retinoid
 Enriched CD161 high CCR6 + γδ T Cells in the Cerebrospinal Fluid of Patients With Multiple Sclerosis 
Topically applied mechlorethamine in the treatment of psoriasis
Cutaneous paraneoplastic syndromes
Paratuberculosis cutis caused by Mycobacterium marinum
A Rare Presentation of Hypertrophic Olivary Degeneration Secondary to Primary Central Nervous System Lymphoma
Adverse cutaneous reactions to trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole in patients with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome and Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia
Epilyt for scalp psoriasis
Bleomycin in mycosis fungoides and reticulum cell lymphoma
Contact allergy to aziridine paint hardener
Letter: Pustular dermatosis on withdrawal of topically applied steroids
Exercise Dose and Diabetes Risk in Overweight and Obese Children
Theoretical and empirical arguments in relation to elective lymph node dissection for melanoma
A progress report of a patient with disseminated cutaneous cardidiasis
Purpuric palmar macule in a child with fever of unknown origin. Janeway lesion associated with subacute bacterial endocarditis (SBE)
Psoriasis with hydroxyurea. An 18-month study of 60 patients
Control of growth and differentiation in vitro of human keratinocytes cultured in serum-free medium
Human immunodeficiency virus infection in the United States
Hydroa vacciniforme. Diagnosis by repetitive ultraviolet-A phototesting
Bullous dermatosis and systemic lupus erythematosus in a 15-year-old boy
Prevalence, Correlates, and Treatment of Lifetime Suicidal Behavior Among Adolescents
Atypical purpura fulminans with benign monoclonal gammopathy
Immunopathology of toxic epidermal necrolysis. Keratinocytes, HLA-DR expression, Langerhans cells, and mononuclear cells: an immunopathologic study of five cases
Salabrasion of tattoos. A correlation of the clinical and histological results
Rheumatoid neutrophilic dermatitis
REM syndrome (reticular erythematous mucinosis): report of a further case or variant of it
Letter: Fordyce spots
Multiple crusted plaques in a woman with systemic lupus erythematosus. Pemphigus erythematosus (PE)
Cervical bruises--a battered child? Cystic lymphangioma
Sarcoidosis with nodular lesions of the palm and sole
Cutaneous horn arising in cutaneous leishmaniasis
Multiply recurrent cellulitis
Cutaneous chronic graft-vs-host disease and hepatitis C virus
Letter: Contact allergy to tylosin
Chemotherapy-induced acral erythema showing vasculitic histologic features
Letter: Sezary-like cells in cultures of normal human skin
Bullous pemphigoid:therapy in patients with and without diabetes mellitus
Acute febrile ulcerative conglobate acne with polyarthralgia
Lupus erythematosus panniculitis (profundus)
Cytokeratins--promiscuous molecules
Hydroxychloroquine treatment of porphyria cutanea tarda
Disabling pansclerotic morphea of children
Surgical margins for basal cell carcinoma
Prolidase deficiency in two siblings with chronic leg ulcerations. Clinical, biochemical, and morphologic aspects
Substance Use Following Bariatric Weight Loss Surgery
Microscopic polyarteritis. Report of a case with cutaneous involvement and antimyeloperoxidase antibodies
Research and dermatologic excellence
Physician support personnel in office practice
Exacerbation of psoriasis during clonidine therapy
An oncology patient with an erythematous papulosquamous eruption in sun-exposed areas. Inflamed actinic keratoses due to systemic chemotherapy (fluorouracil and, possibly, interferon alfa)
Dermatologic drugs, pregnancy, and lactation. A conservative guide
Herpes gestationis. Persistent disease activity 11 years post partum
Successful treatment of porokeratosis of Mibelli with diamond fraise dermabrasion
The Philosophical, Cultural, and Historical Aspects of Complementary, Alternative, Unconventional, and Integrative Medicine in the Old World
Screening in neurofibromatosis type 1
Sneddon's syndrome. A long-term follow-up of 21 patients
Contact photoallergy to 6-methylcoumarin in proprietary sunscreens
Topically administered fluorouracil in psoriasis
Ulcerative colitis and the skin
Localized epidermolysis bullosa. Report of two cases and evaluation of therapy with glutaraldehyde
Generalized pruritus: a manifestation of iron deficiency
Confluent and reticulate papillomatosis: successful treatment with minocycline
Treatment of pediculosis pubis. Clinical comparison of efficacy and tolerance of 1% lindane shampoo vs 1% permethrin creme rinse
Neurofibromatosis mimicry
Is minoxidil (Rogaine) clinically effective?
Autograft repigmentation of leukoderma
Pterygium inversum unguis in a patient with leprosy
Cutaneous manifestations of African trypanosomiasis
Erythropoietic protoporphyria and lupus erythematosus: case report and review of the literature
A 46-Year-Old Man With a 4-Year History of Diffuse Brownish Black Pigmentation
Ischemic forms of acute venous thrombosis
The Effect of Values Affirmation on Race-Discordant Patient-Provider Communication
X-linked dyskeratosis congenita with pancytopenia
Prevalence of nodulocystic acne in white and Negro males
Speaking of peer review..
Erythema multiforme
Curettage-Electrodesiccation vs surgical excision
Dermal sinus of dental origin
Miconazole therapy for endemic fungal disease
Percutaneous paraquat absorption. An association with cutaneous lesions and respiratory failure
Cutaneous signs of spinal dysraphism. Report of a patient with a tail-like lipoma and review of 200 cases in the literature
Linear hypopigmentation
Blood vitamin and trace metal levels in epidermolysis bullosa
Low-Dose Oral Etoposide Monotherapy in Adult Langerhans Cell Histiocytosis
Hairy leukoplakia. A new disease of the oral mucosa
Matting of hair
Eczematous dermatitis?
Bioassay of antimicrobials. A method for measuring penetration of agents into human skin
Acquired pseudo-mongolian spot associated with minocycline therapy
Malignant disseminated porokeratosis
Hypopigmentation and sarcoidosis
Cosmeceuticals. A proposal for rational definition, evaluation, and regulation
Toxic epidermal necrolysis. Unmuddying the waters
An unusual wart-like skin lesion found in a renal allograft recipient
Scanning electron microscopic evaluation of tinea versicolor. Effects of treatment with miconazole nitrate and clotrimazole
Letter: The safety of psoralens
Association Between Nucleoside Analogues and Risk of Hepatitis B Virus–Related Hepatocellular Carcinoma Recurrence Following Liver Resection
Pityriasis rubra pilaris
Thoracic Epidural Cavernous Hemangioma
An elastic tissue defect in dermatofibrosis lenticularis disseminata. Buschke-Ollendorff syndrome
Festooning or "crenulation"?
Multiple hamartoma syndrome (Cowden's disease) associated with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma
Acne of the fulminans type following testosterone therapy in three excessively tall boys
The inheritance of psoriasis
Bacillary (epithelioid) angiomatosis and concurrent Kaposi's sarcoma in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Ocular involvement in pyoderma gangrenosum
Zonisamide
A novel immune-mediated subepidermal bullous dermatosis characterized by IgG autoantibodies to a lower lamina lucida component
Pilosebaceous abnormalities in Apert's syndrome
Gene Therapy for Hearing Loss
Treatment of lip keratoses (actinic cheilitis) with topical fluorouracil
Generalized folded skin with an underlying lipomatous nevus. "The Michelin Tire baby"
Efficiency of acitretin in combination with UV-B in the treatment of severe psoriasis
Metastatic renal cell carcinoma resembling a pyogenic granuloma
Dermatitis herpetiformis. The role of gluten
Necrotizing vasculitis at granulocyte-macrophage-colony-stimulating factor injection sites
Diagnosis of systemic lupus erythematosus. Importance of antinuclear antibody titers and peripheral staining patterns
Bazex's syndrome in a woman with pulmonary adenocarcinoma
Peering at the dermatology literature
Varicella, herpes zoster infections, and congenital defects
Role of long-wave ultraviolet light in Goeckerman treatment
Intercellular IgA dermatosis with clinical features of subcorneal pustular dermatosis
Atrophie blanche. A sign of dermal blood occlusion
Neurofibromatosis and interstitial lung disease
Photochemotherapy of psoriasis using methoxsalen and sunlight. A controlled study
Porphyria cutanea tarda in the setting of renal failure. Response to renal transplantation
Advances in the diagnosis of subepidermal bullous diseases
Flat warts undergoing involution: histopathological findings
Ambiguous questions
Hair abnormality present since childhood. Pili annulati
Lucio's phenomenon
Essential mixed cryoglobulinemia. A comparative study of dermatologic manifestations in patients infected or noninfected with hepatitis C virus
Dermal thymus. A light microscopic and immunohistochemical study
Red poster paint tattoo granuloma
Chronic neuralgia incidence following local anesthetic therapy for herpes zoster
Allergic dermatitis to benzyl alcohol in an injectable solution
Recurrent facial plaques following full-thickness grafting. Granuloma faciale
Lithium carbonate toxicity. Acneform eruption and other manifestation
Pathogenesis of paraneoplastic follicular hyperkeratotic spicules in multiple myeloma. Follicular and epidermal accumulation of IgG dysprotein and cryoglobulin
Cutaneous metastatic carcinoma and elephantiasis symptomatica
Further sunscreen studies of aminobenzoic acid
Pseudomelanoma: recurrent melanocytic nevus following partial surgical removal
Lichen planus subtropicus
Horse-Chestnut Seed Extract for Chronic Venous Insufficiency
The Sertraline vs Electrical Current Therapy for Treating Depression Clinical Study
Cutaneous leukocytoclastic vasculitis with hyperglobulinemia and splenomegaly. A variant of hyperglobulinemic purpura of Waldenstrom
Multiple papules in a child. Multiple juvenile xanthogranulomas
A reticulated eruption on the chest. Reticular erythematous mucinosis (REM)
Patch testing for corticosteroid allergy in the United States
Chronic urticaria secondary to aminobenzoic acid
From the MMWR. Recommendations for diagnosing and treating syphilis in HIV-infected patients
The Sturge-Weber syndrome. A patient with unusual features
Ketoconazole
Inpatient dermatology consultations at a medical center
Lipedematous scalp
Smooth muscle hamartoma associated with Becker's nevus
Photochemotherapy of vitiligo. Use of orally administered psoralens and a high-intensity long-wave ultraviolet light system
Papular doxycycline photosensitivity
Scabies scraping
Gluten-free diet and reintroduction of gluten in dermatitis herpetiformis
Generalized paraffinoma (sclerosing lipogranuloma)
Detection of human herpesvirus 8 and human T-cell lymphotropic virus type 1 sequences in Kaposi sarcoma
Disseminated superficial actinic porokeratosis. Coexistence with other porokeratotic variants
Dermopathic changes in hypozincemia
Bowen's disease mimicking melanoma
Corridor dermatology consultation en passant
Association Between Omega-3 Fatty Acid Supplementation and Risk of Major Cardiovascular Disease Events
Letter: Lymphangitis caused by cantharidin
Persistent necrotic digits in a patient with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome. Herpes simplex virus infection
Medical student education in dermatology
Treatment of alopecia areata by anthralin-induced dermatitis
Syringoacanthoma. Acanthotic lesion of the acrosyringium
Ungual lichen planus. Lichen planus of the nail
Nevus of Ota with ipsilateral congenital cataract
Topical methotrexate therapy for psoriasis
Familial urticaria pigmentosa with giant mast cell granules. A clinical, light, and electron microscopic study
Chemotherapy for advanced Kaposi sarcoma
From the MMWR. Preliminary report: 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-p-dioxin exposure to humans--Seveso, Italy
Erythropoietic protoporphyria. A clinical study based on 29 cases in 14 families
Acquired cutis laxa. Primary generalized elastolysis
Capillary hemangiomas and treatment with the flash lamp-pumped pulsed dye laser
Management of psoriasis vulgaris with a hydrocolloid occlusive dressing
Letter: Myokymia
A solitary neurofibroma on the finger
Serum lysozyme in patients with localized and generalized granuloma annulare
Extracorporeal photochemotherapy as adjunctive treatment in juvenile dermatomyositis: a case report
Evaluation of anthralin in the treatment of alopecia areata
Juvenile xanthogranuloma, neurofibromatosis 1, and juvenile chronic myeloid leukemia
Chronic urticaria and moderate leukocytoclastic vasculitis associated with C3 nephritic factor activity
Orally given indomethacin and blood flow response to UVL
Cutaneous manifestations of strongyloidiasis
Dermatologists of San Francisco, 1870 to 1920
Pyogenic granuloma-like acne lesions during isotretinoin therapy
Mechanisms of phototherapy of vitiligo
Pemphigus in a patient treated with penicillamine for generalized morphea
The effects of bergapten and sunlight on cutaneous pigmentation
Photodermatitis from a sunscreening agent
Anti-native DNA antibodies in discoid lupus erythematosus
Condylomata acuminata in the evaluation of child sexual abuse
Generalized pustular psoriasis precipitated by lithium carbonate
A Novel Rodent Model of Posterior Ischemic Optic Neuropathy
Ultrastructure of abnormal cells in Sezary syndrome, mycosis fungoides, and parapsoriasis en plaque
Interleukin 1 alpha, tumor necrosis factor alpha, and interferon gamma in psoriasis
Perioral leukoderma simulating vitiligo from use of a toothpaste containing cinnamic aldehyde
Postscript ot vitamin A acid therapy for acne vulgaris
Histocompatibility (HL-A) antigens in psoriasis
An ultrastructural morphometric and immunohistochemical analysis of cutaneous lymphomas and benign lymphocytic infiltrates of skin. Useful criteria for diagnosis
Regrowth of hair in nevus flammeus
Pigmentatio reticularis faciei et colli
Cell-Based Therapy for Glaucomatous Optic Nerve Degeneration
An ulcerative lesion of the penis
Tuberous sclerosis
Blistering distal dactylitis in an adult
"The treatment of dermatomycoses with orally administered griseofulvin" by Blank and Roth, March 1959. Commentary: Treatment of dermatomycoses with griseofulvin
Clinical and histologic features of pityriasis lichenoides et varioliformis acuta in children
Complement component analysis in angiodema. Diagnostic value
Cutaneous thrombosis in human immunodeficiency virus type 1-positive patients and cytomegalovirus viremia
Chronic urticaria from isophane insulin therapy; sensitivity associated with noninsulin components in commercial preparations
Erosions and ulcers of the mouth
Lichen planus associated with anti-liver-kidney microsome-positive chronic active hepatitis and hyperthyroidism
Pediatric pemphigus vulgaris. Treatment with topical adrenal steroids
Pathology quiz case 1. Cutaneous metastasis from adenocarcinoma of the lung
Mycosis fungoides bullosa
Perineural invasion by keratoacanthoma
Lichen striatus with onychodystrophy
Progressive cutaneous herpes simplex or postoperative progressive gangrene
Type of impaired porphyrin metabolism caused by hepatitis C virus is not porphyria cutanea tarda but chronic hepatic porphyria
Treatment of actinic prurigo with intermittent short-course topical 0.05% clobetasol 17-propionate. A preliminary report
Urticaria pigmentosa and factitious urticaria. Direct evidence for release of histamine and other smooth muscle-contracting agents in dermographic skin
Facial granuloma annulare
Malignant melanoma in human immunodeficiency virus type 2 infection
Blue nevus
Letter: Epidermolysis bullosa hereditaria letalis
The veil cell. A shy cell
Pathology quiz case 1. Erythema elevatum diutinum (EED)
Verrucose sarcoidosis
Diminished contact sensitivity response in vitiliginous skin
The blind men and the elephant. Different views of small congenital nevi
A cutaneous lesion associated with primary polymyositis
Loss of cutaneous delayed hypersensitivity reactions in nevus anemicus. Evidence for close concordance of cutaneous delayed hypersensitivity and endothelial E-selectin expression
Kaposi's varicelliform eruption. Development in a patient with a healing second-degree burn
Primary localized gigantism and tuberous sclerosis
Alopecia mucinosa. A follow-up study
Exophthalmos in relapsing polychondritis
Angiosarcoma (angioendothelioma) of the scalp. An unusual case of scarring alopecia
Skin potions
Generalized rash from whirlpools and hot tubs
Localized chrysiasis induced by laser therapy
Persistent acantholytic dermatosis. A variant of transient acantholytic dermatosis (Grover disease)
Midline granuloma
Dopamine-associated symmetric peripheral gangrene
Giant condylomata acuminata. Buschke-Lowenstein tumor
beta-Galactosidase and neuraminidase deficiency associated with angiokeratoma corporis diffusum
Kaposi sarcoma-like granuloma on diaper dermatitis. A report of five cases
Personal responses of patients to vitiligo: the importance of the patient-physician interaction
Cutaneous alternariosis
Comparative percutaneous absorption of lindane and permethrin
Hutchinson's freckle treated by the Miescher technique utilizing a Grenz-Ray machine adapted for the purpose
A survey of skin problems and skin care regimens in the elderly
Pathology quiz case 2. Eccrine spiradenoma
Compound blue nevus: a variant of blue nevus with an additional junctional dendritic component. A clinical, histopathologic, and immunohistochemical study of six cases
Painful purpura: an adverse effect to a thrombolysin
Treatment of nocardial mycetoma with trimethoprim and sulfamethoxazole
Kaposi's sarcoma localized to the penis
Distinctive acral erythema occurring during therapy for severe myelogenous leukemia
Pemphigus erythematosus
Comment on "acne cosmetica"
PUVA irradiation restores altered binding patterns of lectins in psoriatic epidermis
Treatment of systemic sclerosis with extracorporeal photochemotherapy. Results of a multicenter trial
Community Health Workers Combat Readmission
Methotrexate and etretinate in the treatment of psoriasis
Cutaneous Infection and Therapy
Diazacholesterol-induced ichthyosis in the hairless mouse. Assay for comparative potency of topical retinoids
Mycosis fungoides of the mastoid, middle ear, and CNS. Literature review of mycosis fungoides of the CNS
Durable protection against long-wavelength UV-A radiation and blue light
Minocycline-induced hyperpigmentation. Treatment with the neodymium:YAG laser
Letter: Dermal and epidermal types of erythema multiforme
Increased helper-suppressor T-cell ratio in psoriasis
Multiple granular cell schwannomas
Fungating pustular plaques in a patient with Graves' disease. Iododerma
Contact dermatitis due to benomyl insecticide
Evidence for Increased Glutamatergic Cortical Facilitation in Children and Adolescents With Major Depressive Disorder
Dermal pericapillary fibrin in venous disease and venous ulceration
Successful management of lichen myxedematosus. Report of a case
Flushing reactions in the cancer chemotherapy patient. The lists are longer but the strategies are the same
Localized mycosis fungoides with prominent epidermotropism: Woringer-Kolopp disease
Bullous disease of childhood
Familial occurrence of pemphigus vulgaris
Alternative Medicine and Dermatology
Acanthosis nigricans. In association with the adrenogenital syndrome, hyperlipoproteinemia type IV, and congenital malformation of the urinary tract
Bony lesions in systemic mastocytosis: scintigraphic evaluation
Letter: Kaposi sarcoma
Laser test treatments for postsolar poikiloderma
Letter: Patch test reactions
Focal dermal hypoplasia (Goltz's syndrome). Treatment of cutaneous lesions with the 585-nm flashlamp-pumped pulsed dye laser
Localized heat urticaria
Hypertrichotic skin-colored patches in an infant. Congenital smooth-muscle hamartoma (CSMH)
Case of eosinophilia induced by etretinate
Cutaneous T-cell lymphoma in patients with human immunodeficiency virus infection
Generalized pustular psoriasis. A review of 63 cases
Letter: Dermoid cyst and fistula of the nose
Loeffler's syndrome?
Hyperkeratosis lenticularis perstans
Antiandrogenic effects of topically applied spironolactone on the hamster flank organ
Confocal laser scanning microscopic and immunoelectron microscopic studies of the anatomical distribution of fibrillar IgA deposits in dermatitis herpetiformis
Linear lichenoid graft-vs-host disease
Cutaneous manifestations in idiopathic hypoparathyroidism
Melanoma and vitiligo are associated with antibody responses to similar antigens on pigment cells
Clearance of iodoantipyrene from methacholine blanched skin in atopics
Tinea capitis. Current concepts
E-selectin and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 are critical for initial trafficking of helper-inducer/memory T cells in psoriatic plaques
Neterton's syndrome and ichthyosis linearis circumflexa
Cutaneous Mycobacterium szulgai infection
Erythema nodosum and diverticulitis
Phototoxicity to a sunscreen ingredient. Padimate A
Trichophyton mentagrophytes granulomas. Unique systemic dissemination to lymph nodes, testes, vertebrae, and brain
Cytomegalovirus inclusion disease presenting as a cutaneous ulcer in AIDS. Cytomegalovirus (CMV) inclusion disease
Immunologic response to blood group substance in scleroderma
Duration of remission during maintenance cyclosporine therapy for psoriasis. Relationship to maintenance dose and degree of improvement during initial therapy
Off-Label Dermatologic Therapies
Histology and cytochemistry of human skin. XXXIV. The eyebrows
T cell erythroderma (Sezary syndrome)
Acquired zosteriform cavernous hemangiomas: brief clinical observation
The cutting edge
Werner's syndrome. Evidence for preferential regional expression of a generalized mesenchymal cell defect
Intralesional Adalimumab for the Treatment of Refractory Balanitis Xerotica Obliterans
Tail-like protrusion on the nape with cervical spina bifida
Squamous cell carcinoma arising in a linear epidermal nevus
Histologic artifacts of benign pigmented nevi
Ulcerated nodules on the elbows, fingers, and knees. Erythema elevatum diutinum (EED)
Pemphigoid vegetans. Report of a case
Direct immunofluorescent studies of pemphigus and bullous pemphigoid
Photochemotherapy for psoriasis with orally administered methoxsalen
Painful solitary subungual nodule. Subungual exostosis (SE)
Yellow lunulae with fluorescence after tetracycline therapy
Twenty-nail dystrophy
Acute myelomonocytic leukemia presenting as a benign-appearing cutaneous eruption
Cryosurgical treatment of lentigo maligna
Persistent photosensitivity caused by musk ambrette
Drug rashes. What are the targets of cell-mediated cytotoxicity?
Mycosis fungoides evolving to myelomonocytic leukemia
Fate of pemphigus antibody following successful therapy. Preliminary evaluation of pemphigus antibody determinations to regulate therapy
Generalized linear porokeratosis treated with etretinate
Simultaneous occurrence of Goodpasture's syndrome and follicular mucinosis
Benefits and Risks of Aspirin Use
Whither Dermatology
Chronic alopecia. Trichotillomania
A vaginal prosthetic device as an aid in treating ulcerative lichen planus of the mucous membrane. Successful combination therapy with a corticosteroid-bioadhesive compound and iontophoresis
'Essential' cryoglobulinemia: follow-up evaluation of case findings 28 years later
Richner-Hanhart's syndrome. Electron microscopic study of the skin lesion
Endotoxemia in psoriasis
Implications of the Growing Use of Freestanding Children's Hospitals
Thrombocythemia as a cause of erythermalgia
Plasma cell orificial mucositis. Report of a case and review of the literature
Prognostic factors in erythrodermic mycosis fungoides and the Sezary syndrome
Erythema chronicum migrans of Lyme disease
Cornifying Darier disease--a unique variant. II. Surgical treatment
Porphyrinogens in plasma
Are deans really necessary?
Pseudomonas aeruginosa gram-negative folliculitis
A young woman with nodules on her face and trunk. Tertiary (tubercular) syphilis
Immunologic evaluation in mycosis fungoides. Before and after PUVA therapy
Basic diphenoxylate therapy
Autoimmune disorders and interleukin-2 therapy: a step toward 'unanswered questions'
Widespread erythroderma and desquamation in a neonate. Congenital cutaneous candidiasis (CCC)
Psoriasis and vitiligo
Treatment of generalized granuloma annulare with dapsone
The immunofluorescent "band" test for lupus erythematosus. 3. Employing clinically normal skin
Pseudoxanthoma elasticum with transepidermal elimination
Sporotrichoid cutaneous infection due to Mycobacterium chelonei
Leukemia cutis in congenital leukemia. Analysis and review of the world literature with report of an additional case
Thrombocytosis in a patient with secondary syphilis
Vitamin E toxicity
Cutaneous histologic features in Ehlers-Danlos syndrome: study of 21 patients
Squamous cell carcinoma. A population-based incidence study in Rochester, Minn
Basal cell carcinoma in children
Lack of effect of the antihistamine drug clemastine on the potentiation of itch by prostaglandin E1
Seborrheic keratoses from the genital region may contain human papillomavirus DNA
The dapsone syndrome
Microscopic polyangiitis. Delineation of a cutaneous-limited variant associated with antimyeloperoxidase autoantibody
Spontaneous regression of plane warts after inflammation: clinical and histologic studies in 25 cases
Thalidomide in the treatment of recurrent, necrotic, and giant mucocutaneous aphthae and aphthosis
A hyperpigmented, rippled eruption in a Hispanic woman. Macular amyloidosis
Hereditary progressive mucinous histiocytosis in women. Report of three members in a family
Cashew nut dermatitis. An example of internal-external contact-type hypersensitivity
Aplasia cutis congenita
An asymptomatic penile lesion. Circular indurated lymphangitis of the penis (CILP) with concurrent syphilis
NIH Program Probes Neurological Basis of Chronic Pain, Complementary Therapies
Gastrointestinal manifestations of epidermolysis bullosa in children
Cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma in human immunodeficiency virus-infected patients. A study of epidemiologic risk factors, human papillomavirus, and p53 expression
Tetracycline and minocycline treatment
Psychogenic purpura
Impurities in granulocyte colony-stimulating factor?
Sulfones
Staphylococcus aureus and etretinate
A case of peculiar plantar warts. Human papillomavirus type 60 infection
Impetigo herpetiformis and hypoparathyroidism
The protective effect of vitamin E on the hemolysis associated with dapsone treatment in patients with dermatitis herpetiformis
Cutaneous findings in a case of psittacosis
Erythroderma. Who, where, when, why, and how ..
A tender blue cyst on the leg. Eccrine hidrocystoma
Ionizing radiation-induced pemphigus. Case presentations and literature review
Getting Beyond the Ganglion Cell
Acute myeloblastic leukemia following chemotherapy for mycosis fungoides
Hepatitis C virus and human immunodeficiency virus infection can alter porphyrin metabolism and lead to porphyria cutanea tarda
Safety of oral terbinafine: results of a postmarketing surveillance study in 25,884 patients
Coexistence of Kimura's disease and lichen amyloidosus in three patients
"An unusual type of pemphigus combining features of lupus erythematosus" by Senear and Usher, June 1926. Commentary: Pemphigus erythematosus, a unique member of the pemphigus group
A localized atrophic plaque on the back. Dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans (DFSP) (Atrophic variant)
Histologic variation of a pilomatrixoma
Acral persistent papular mucinosis: a peculiar variant of the discrete papular form of lichen myxedematosus
Children's Environmental Health
Clinical syndrome of chemotaxis defect, infections, and hyperimmunoglobulinemia E. A case report
Vertical striated sandpaper nails
Drug-induced toxic epidermal necrolysis in developing countries
Exfoliative erythroderma resulting from inadequate intake of branched-chain amino acids in infants with maple syrup urine disease
Should dermatologists teach nondermatologists?
Letter: Acne traumatica
Mycophenolic acid in the treatment of psoriasis: long-term administration
Sore throat, a first symptom in laryngeal cicatricial pemphigoid
The antipruritic effect of 5% doxepin cream in patients with eczematous dermatitis. Doxepin Study Group
Skin reactions to carbamazepine
Evans blue dermatitis
Perianal hemangioma appearing as an ulcer
Human effects following exposure to ionizing radiation. The accident at Chernobyl--the data from Hiroshima and Nagasaki
Are topical corticosteroids useful adjunctive therapy for the treatment of psoriasis with ultraviolet radiation? A review of the literature
Update: Trends in AIDS Incidence— United States, 1996
Mycoplasma infection simulating acute meningococcemia
Bullous scleroderma
Transient acantholytic dermatosis: a reevaluation
Recombinant interferon alfa-2b in plaque-phase mycosis fungoides. Intralesional and low-dose intramuscular therapy
Malignant pilomatricoma
Third International symposium on Psoriasis. An overview
Irreversible Electroporation for the Ablation of Liver Tumors
Vimentin-positive squamous cell carcinoma arising in a burn scar. A highly malignant neoplasm composed of acantholytic round keratinocytes
Multiple painful oral ulcerations. Secondary syphilis
Cutaneous eruptions in congenital tuberculosis
Therapeutic dermabrasion. Back to the future
Blastomycosis-like pyoderma
Mycosis fungoides treated with high-dose carmustine
Exacerbation of psoriasis by chrysotherapy
Urticaria and polymyositis
Melanoma risk in individuals with clinically atypical nevi
Staphylococcal scalded skin syndrome in an adult and a child
Interferon. Coming of age
Circular indurated lymphangitis of the penis
Drug Shortages and Clinicians
Decline in Cognitive Performance Between Ages 13 and 18 Years and the Risk for Psychosis in Adulthood
Squamous cell carcinoma of the skin and internal malignant neoplasms
Pemphigus antibody action on skin explants: kinetics of acantholytic changes and stability of antigens in tissue cultures of normal monkey skin explants
Kaposi's sarcoma, chronic ulcerative herpes simplex, and acquired immunodeficiency
Etretinate in the treatment of juvenile pityriasis rubra pilaris
Nevus spilus with malignant melanoma in a patient with neurofibromatosis
Necrotizing sialometaplasia: a sheep in wolf's clothing. Healing as a diagnostic test
Neutrophilic eccrine hidradenitis associated with Hodgkin's disease and chemotherapy. A case report
Multifocal eosinophilic granuloma with skin ulceration. Histiocytosis X of the Hand-Schuller-Christian type
The basement membrane. Interface between the epithelium and the dermis: structural features
Congenital self-healing histiocytosis
Response of transient acantholytic dermatosis to photochemotherapy
Sturge-Weber syndrome and multiple myeloma
Sezary's syndrome: report of a case showing peripheral neuropathy and bone marrow fibrosis
Fluorescent dye for marking patch test sites
Cell interactions in psoriasis
The marginal band. A demonstration of the thickened cellular envelope of the human nail cell with the aid of lanthanum staining
Beta carotene therapy for erythropoietic protoporphyria and other photosensitivity diseases
Febrile neutrophilic dermatosis in acute myelogenous leukemia
Sunburn
Erythema gyratum atrophicans transiens neonatale
Emotional eccrine sweating. A heritable disorder
Verrucous carcinoma of the penis. Successful treatment with cryosurgery and topical fluorouracil therapy
Eruptions from ampicillin in patients with infectious mononucleosis
Regular use of sunscreen on vitamin D levels
Low-fluence carbon dioxide laser irradiation of lentigines
Cutaneous T-cell lymphoma associated with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Wound healing. The effects of topical antimicrobial agents
Zinc deficiency and immune function
Pigmented lesions in a patient with pulmonary tuberculosis. Pityriasis rotunda
Anthralin minute entire skin treatment. A new outpatient therapy for psoriasis
Pilomatricomas associated with myotonic dystrophy
Detection of melanomas. Approach with radiolabeled false precursors of melanin synthesis
Tufted angioma associated with platelet trapping syndrome: response to aspirin
Triple extramammary Paget's disease
Chronic cutaneous infection caused by Mycobacterium intracellulare
Epidermolysis bullosa dystrophica et albo-papuloidea. Report of a case and histochemical study
Dermatopathia pigmentosa reticularis
Zidovudine improves psoriasis in human immunodeficiency virus-positive males
Primary cutaneous nocardiosis mimicking sporotrichosis
Bullous pemphigoid and epidermolysis bullosa acquisita. Differentiation by fluorescence overlay antigen mapping
Pseudomonilethrix. An artifact
A light and electron microscopic evaluation of Zyderm collagen and Zyplast implants in aging human facial skin. A pilot study
Report of a family with an unusual expression of recessive ichthyosis. Review of 42 cases
Sensitization to topical antibiotics
Successful treatment of progressive acyclovir-resistant herpes simplex virus using intravenous foscarnet in a patient with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Umbilical nodule and abdominal pain. Endometriosis
Multiple clear-cell acanthoma and ichthyosis
Treatment of basal cell carcinomas
Letter: Hyperkeratotic dermatitis of the palms
Congenital psoriasis: report of three cases
Stasis ulcer and "fibrinogen Baltimore"
Reading to Children
Pigmented keratoacanthoma
The genetics of psoriasis. Haplotype sharing in siblings with the disease
Dermatologic consultations--how can we know if we are effective? Initial methodologic considerations for the critical assessment of medical interventions performed by physicians
Livedo Vasculopathy vs Small Vessel Cutaneous Vasculitis
Response of generalized granuloma annulare to high-dose niacinamide
Dysgonic fermenter type 2 septicemia with purpura fulminans. Dermatologic features of a zoonosis acquired from household pets
Subcutaneous nodule on the lower leg. Primary neuritic leprosy with nerve abscess
Pityriasis lichenoides chronica
Pityriasis lichennoides et varioliformis acuta. A report of a case controlled by a high dose of tetracycline
Intrinsic potencies of novel thiol ester corticosteroids RS-85095 and RS-21314 as compared with clobetasol 17-propionate and fluocinonide
Primary oxalosis with livedo reticularis
A 'novel' action of anthralin
Vascular Remodeling in Central Retinal Vein Occlusion Following Laser-Induced Chorioretinal Anastomosis
Familial localized scleroderma (morphoea)
Miescher's granuloma of the face. A variant of the necrobiosis lipoidica-granuloma annulare spectrum
Atypical melanosis of the foot. A report of three cases in Japanese populations
36th annual symposium on the biology of the skin
Pregnancy outcome after periconceptional and first-trimester exposure to methoxsalen photochemotherapy
Eruptive syringomas in Down's syndrome
Mastocytoma arising within a congenital nevocellular nevus
Pentoxifylline suppresses allergic patch test reactions in humans
Misuse of hair analysis as a diagnostic tool
Onychodystrophy after topically applied fluorouracil for warts
Condyloma acuminatum in Rochester, Minn., 1950-1978. I. Epidemiology and clinical features
Factors in the choice of an academic career. Results of a questionnaire
Brownish scaly plaques. Lepromatous leprosy
Pyridoxine-dependent hair pigmentation in association with homocystinuria. The induction of melanotrichia
Cutaneous polyarteritis nodosa
Evaluation of oral minoxidil in the treatment of alopecia areata
The Americans With Disabilities Act and dermatologists
The lady and the flea
Urticarial vasculitis: report of a case and review of the literature
Congenital migratory ichthyosiform dermatosis with neurologic and ophthalmologic abnormalities
Some "component signs" in psoriasis
Unusual cutaneous lesions in tumoral calcinosis
Purpuric Nodules and Macules on the Extremities of a Young Woman
Thermal keratoses and squamous cell carcinoma in situ associated with erythema ab igne
Primary localized amyloidosis cutis. Tumefactive type
Short-term cyclosporin therapy for psoriasis
Macrophages and tumor necrosis factor alpha in toxic epidermal necrolysis
Necrobiosis lipoidica. An immunofluorescence study
Exanthem due to diphenylhydantoin therapy
A population-based study of Stevens-Johnson syndrome. Incidence and antecedent drug exposures
Bariatric Surgery
Lymphangiosarcoma and congenital lymphedema of the extremity
Prevention of UVB-induced immunosuppression in humans by a high sun protection factor sunscreen
Control of keratinization with alpha-hydroxy acids and related compounds. I. Topical treatment of ichthyotic disorders
Urinary ammonia and ammonia-producing microorganisms in infants with and without diaper dermatitis
Anetoderma and human immunodeficiency virus infection
Randomized Trial of Aromatherapy
Mode of inheritance in psoriasis
Bullous drug eruption treated with amputation. A challenging case of vancomycin-induced linear IgA disease
Acquired uncombable hair
Lupus erythematosus profundus following thrombocytopenic purpura
Oral glucose tolerance studies in recurrent Trichophyton rubrum infections
Telangiectatic Kaposi's sarcoma. Occurrence in a patient with thymoma and myasthenia gravis receiving long-term immunosuppressive therapy
Pruritic, Painful Eruption
Familial elastosis perforans serpiginosa
Neonatal lupus erythematosus. Report of four cases with review of the literature
Topically applied thiabendazole in the treatment of scabies
The ridgeback anomaly
Human orf. A diagnostic consideration?
Cutaneous cysticercosis treated with metrifonate
Selective cytotoxic effect of topical 5-fluorouracil
Congenital erythropoietic porphyria. A mild variant with low uroporphyrin I levels due to a missense mutation (A66V) encoding residual uroporphyrinogen III synthase activity
Treatment of severe forms of localized scleroderma with oral corticosteroids: follow-up study on 17 patients
Immediate hypersensitivity to seminal fluid and atopic dermatitis
Growth factors. Their biology and promise in dermatologic diseases and tissue repair
Diet and heredity in infantile atopic dermatitis
The substitution of digital images for dermatologic physical examination
Fixed drug eruption. A brief review
The Prospective, Observational, Multicenter, Major Trauma Transfusion (PROMMTT) Study
Congenital localized absence of the skin as a manifestation of epidermolysis bullosa
Clinical histopathological characteristics of basal cell carcinoma in Japanese patients
Immunoperoxidase localization of Sporothrix schenckii and Cryptococcus neoformans. Staining of tissue sections fixed in 4% formaldehyde solution and embedded in paraffin
Cultured allografts as an adjunct to the medical treatment of problematic leg ulcers
Letter: Pruritic cutaneous sarcoidosis
Abnormal serum porphyrin levels in patients with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome with or without hepatitis C virus infection
Proceedings: Nocardia brasiliensis mycetoma
Bullous pemphigoid in an 11-year-old boy
Skin levels and vasoconstrictor assay of topically applied hydrocortisone
Squamous cell carcinoma arising in long-standing necrobiosis lipoidica
Suction purpura
Joy stick stigmata
Topical clindamycin therapy for acne vulgaris. A cooperative clinical study
Dermatologic applications of cyclosporine
Hyperkeratotic and verrucous features of mycosis fungoides
Scarlatiniform eruption in viral hepatitis
Pemphigus and other diseases
Acute bullous dermatosis and onycholysis due to high-dose methotrexate and leucovorin calcium
Twenty-nail dystrophy and ichthyosis vulgaris
Fixed drug eruption due to methaqualone
Cutaneous Leishmaniasis Due to Leishmania infantum
Benign symmetric lipomatosis
Scalp ulcerations in an elderly woman. Temporal arteritis
Localized eosinophilic fasciitis
Transverse microscopic anatomy of the human scalp. A basis for a morphometric approach to disorders of the hair follicle
A solitary papule on the nipple. Nodular leiomyoma of the nipple
Contact allergic dermatitis. Old problems and new techniques
Is podophyllin a safe drug to use and can it be used during pregnancy?
Widespread angiokeratomas without evidence of metabolic disease
Vitamin A deficiency
Diagnosing cutaneous adverse reactions to drugs
Neomycin sensitivity in the normal (nonatopic) individual
Scabies and role of race
Perineural invasion associated with recurrent sporadic multiple self-healing squamous carcinomas
Juvenile plantar dermatosis. A clinicopathologic study
Isolated nodular cutaneous histoplasmosis. The initial manifestation of recurrent disseminated disease
Primary care physicians as gatekeepers in managed care. Primary care physicians' and dermatologists' skills at secondary prevention of skin cancer
Dermatomyositis. Disease associations and an evaluation of screening investigations for malignancy
Spinal cord compression in blue rubber bleb nevus syndrome
Kaposi's sarcoma after immunosuppressive therapy with prednisone
Dermatitis due to Sporobolomyces infection
Multiple cutaneous squamous cell carcinomas during immunosuppressive therapy
Hair loss in a 6-month-old child. Monilethrix
Hormones, immunology, nevi, and melanoma
Systemic contact dermatitis caused by systemic corticosteroid use
Long-term continuation of psoralen and ultraviolet-A treatment of psoriasis
Cheilitis glandularis
Letter: Contact urticaria syndrome
Vitamin C
Fixed eruption due to penicillin allergy
Seroma of the auricle
Behavior therapy techniques in treatment of exfoliative dermatitis
The antiquity of poisonous plants
Idiopathic calcinosis of the scrotum
Aggressive keratoacanthoma and internal malignant neoplasm
Pustulosis vegetans
Complement-fixing activity to melanin-producing cells preceding the onset of vitiligo in a patient with type 1 polyglandular failure
Cutaneous T-cell lymphoma (parapsoriasis en plaque). An association with pityriasis lichenoides et varioliformis acuta in young children
Malignant angioendothelioma
Large cell lymphocytoma
Skin markings in the diagnosis and prognosis of cutaneous melanoma
Thalidomide-induced peripheral neuropathy. Effect of serum factor on nerve cultures
Alopecia a deux: simultaneous occurrence of alopecia in a husband and wife
Anogenital warts in children. Clinical and virologic evaluation for sexual abuse
Mechanisms of contact photosensitivity in mice. III. Predictive testing of chemicals with photoallergenic potential in mice
Neutrophilic eccrine hidradenitis heralding the onset of acute myelogenous leukemia
Elastotic nodules of the antihelix
Annular atrophic plaques of the face. A clinical and histologic study
Systemic lupus erythematosus, miliary tuberculosis, and bilateral herpes zoster occurring in a Chinese woman
Furuncular myiasis caused by Wohlfahrtia vigil (Walker). First case reported in Nebraska
Juxta-clavicular beaded lines
Atopic dermatitis, impaired cellular immunity, and molluscum contagiosum
Juvenile xanthogranuloma and neurofibromatosis
Long-term intramuscular administration of triamcinolone acetonide. Effect on the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis
Acrodermatitis enteropathica. Successful zinc therapy
Lymphoproliferative nature of granulomatous slack skin: clonal rearrangement of the T-cell receptor beta-gene
Acyclovir-resistant varicella zoster responsive to foscarnet
Palisaded, encapsulated neuromas of the skin
Reevaluation of ichthyosis and hair shaft abnormalities
Black galactorrhea as a consequence of minocycline and phenothiazine therapy
Focal dermal hypoplasia. A nine-year follow-up study
Malignant hidroacanthoma simplex
Tyrosinase activity in dermal nevus cells
Necrotizing vasculitis. Etiologic aspects of immunology and coagulopathy
Dyshidrotic Eczema Treated With Mycophenolate Mofetil
HL-A antigens in pemphigus
Accelerated healing of carbon dioxide laser burns in rats treated with composite polyurethane dressings
Sustained remission of generalized lichen planus induced by cyclophosphamide
Letter: Bleaching of hair after use of benzoyl peroxide acne lotions
Is podophyllin safe for use in pregnancy?
Incontinentia pigmenti achromians
Subcutaneous T-cell lymphoma. Report of two additional cases and further observations
Penicillamine dermatopathy with lymphangiectases. A clinical, immunohistologic, and ultrastructural study
Transforming growth factor alpha expression helps to distinguish keratoacanthomas from squamous cell carcinomas
Cutaneous autoinoculation by Mycobacterium tuberculosis
Patient Knowledge and Understanding of Radiation From Diagnostic Imaging
A Randomized, Double-blind, Placebo-Controlled Study of Latrepirdine in Patients With Mild to Moderate Huntington Disease
Multiple halo neurofibromas
Neurofibromatosis
Granulomatous perivasculitis in Crohn's disease
Candidiasis and multiple endocrinopathy. With oral squamous cell carcinoma complications
From the MMWR. Henoch-Schonlein purpura--Connecticut
Inhibition of lysosomal enzymes by dapsone
To tan or not to tan. A burning question
A case-control study of possible causative factors in mycosis fungoides
Nail and Scalp Lesions in a Man With Diabetes Insipidus
Glucan-induced keratoderma in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Transitional cell bladder carcinoma metastatic to the skin
The marriage of guidelines of care and outcomes
Allergic contact dermatitis to gold
Micronodular basal cell carcinoma. A deceptive histologic subtype with frequent clinically undetected tumor extension
An unusual case of North American blastomycosis
Response of nodular non-X histiocytosis to vinblastine
Thrombocytopenia-absent radii syndrome and lack of response to the pulsed dye laser
Lamellar ichthyosis--response to retinoic acid (tretinoin). A case report
Raindrop Seborrheic Keratoses: A Distinctive Pattern on the Backs of Elderly Patients
IgD immune complex vasculitis in a patient with hyperimmunoglobulinemia D and periodic fever
Erythema nodosum migrans in a young woman
Users' Views of Dietary Supplements
Auto-immune annular erythema. A variant of lupus erythematosus?
A pilot study of iontophoretic cisplatin chemotherapy of basal and squamous cell carcinomas of the skin
Testosterone metabolism in the skin. A review of its function in androgenetic alopecia, acne vulgaris, and idiopathic hirsutism including recent studies with antiandrogens
Hypertrophic glossitis in secondary syphilis
Eczema herpeticum
Serologic assays for antibodies to hexamethylene diisocyanate and diphenylmethane diisocyanate
Local recurrence of generalized herpes zoster following x-irradiation
Immunodeficiencies in severe atopic dermatitis. Depressed chemotaxis and lymphocyte transformation
May 2012 <emph type="ital">Archives</emph> Web Quiz Winner
Kaposi sarcoma unrelated to human immunodeficiency virus infection: long-term results of radiotherapy
Fatal melanoma arising in a zosteriform speckled lentiginous nevus
Necrotizing skin lesions in heroin addicts
Large cell acanthoma. One of the actinic keratoses
Electron-probe microanalysis. Aid in the study of skin granulomas
Zebra-like dermatomyositis
Presternal ciliated cyst
Autoimmune pemphigus. A distinct staining pattern with an anti-desmoglein antibody
Heterotropic brain tissue presenting as bald cysts with a collar of hypertrophic hair. The 'hair collar' sign
Risk of Squamous Cell Carcinoma and Methoxsalen (Psoralen) and UV-A Radiation (PUVA)
Skin and bones
Arachidonic acid metabolites in cutaneous carcinomas
Repigmentation of vitiligo under penicillamine therapy for rheumatoid arthritis
Another association with Becker's nevus
Information Overload and Missed Test Results in Electronic Health Record–Based Settings
Hereditary multiple fibrofolliculomas with trichodiscomas and acrochordons
Multiple capillary hemangiomatosis. Acquired case with adult onset
Yellow staining: 4,4'-methylenedianiline, or curing agent Z?
An unusual case of suntanning
Primary cutaneous phaeohyphomycosis caused by Drechslera spicifera
Induction of glycosuria and hyperglycemia by topical corticosteroid therapy
Nonregressing lipodystrophia centrifugalis abdominalis with angioblastoma (Nakagawa)
Epiluminescence microscopy. A new approach to in vivo detection of Sarcoptes scabiei
Neutrophil chemotaxis in patients with atopic dermatitis without infection
A modified technique for eliciting Nikolsky's sign
Intraepithelial anchoring fibril components
Urticaria due to Clonorchis sinensis
Long-term prognosis in patients treated for erythema chronicum migrans and acrodermatitis chronica atrophicans
On standard definitions: 33 years hence
Hypopigmentation, vitiligo, and melanoma. New data, more enigmas
Bullous dermatosis vs amyloidosis
Disorders of phagocyte function
Porokeratosis punctata palmaris et plantaris. A new entity?
Positive Nikolsky's and bulla-spread signs in acute bullous lichen planus
Factitial leg ulcers associated with an unusual sleep disorder
Betamethasone dipropionate cream for the treatment of psoriasis. A collaborative evaluation
Computers and morphology
Percutaneous penetration of hydrocortisone with urea
Laser skin resurfacing
Trichonodosis
Granulomatous slack skin
Pruritic urticarial plaques and papules of pregnancy and skin distention
Violaceous rash of dorsal fingers in a woman. Diagnosis: chilblain lupus erythematosus (perniosis)
Response of generalized granuloma annulare to alkylating agents
Bleomycin iontophoretic therapy for verrucous carcinoma
Multiple basal cell carcinomas of the skin. Treatment with curettage
Giant Mycobacterium fortuitum abscess associated with systemic lupus erythematosus
Essential fatty acid deficiency
Recombinant cytokine treatment for scleroderma. Can the antifibrotic potential of interferon-gamma be realized clinically?
Immune-mediated subepithelial blistering diseases of mucous membranes. Pure ocular cicatricial pemphigoid is a unique clinical and immunopathological entity distinct from bullous pemphigoid and other subsets identified by antigenic specificity of autoantibodies
"Psoriasis as a possible defect of the adenyl cyclase-cyclic AMP Cascade" by Voorhees and Duell, October 1971. Commentary: Cyclic adenosine monophosphate regulation of normal and psoriatic epidermis
Treatment of distal onychomycosis with avulsion and topical antifungal agents under occlusion
Generalized blistering eruption aggravated by heat. Pemphigus foliaceus
Kawasaki's disease appearing as erythema multiforme
Anti-Ro/SSA antibodies. Association with a particulate (large speckledlike thread) immunofluorescent nuclear staining pattern
Gold dermatitis. A clinical and histopathological study
Nocardial mycetoma resembling granuloma faciale
Hyperamylasemia in toxic epidermal necrolysis
Human 'seed tick' infestation. Amblyomma americanum larvae
IgA antibasement membrane antibodies in a boy with pemphigoid
Lupus erythematosus and porphyria. Coexistence in seven patients
A penile ulceration in a patient with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome. Foscarnet-induced penile ulceration
Intradermal bleomycin injections into normal human skin. A histopathologic and immunopathologic study
Recreationally associated Pseudomonas aeruginosa folliculitis. Report of an epidemic
Sweet's syndrome (acute febrile neutrophilic dermatosis). Report of a case
Granulocytic sarcoma of the skin
Multiple papular and nodular lesions in a tall woman. Nevoid basal cell carcinoma syndrome
Perifollicular xanthomatosis
Focal dermal hypoplasia syndrome. An update
The effect of sunlight on human epidermis. A quantitative electron microscopic study of dendritic cells
Treatment of acanthosis nigricans with oral isotretinoin
Adenocarcinoma of the eccrine sweat gland
Seasonal variation of basal cell epitheliomas in Kentucky
Cutaneous and venous complications of pentazocine abuse
Letter: Punctate keratoderma
Zosteriform lentiginous nevus
CREST syndrome: a benign entity?
Experimental contact sensitization with benzoyl peroxide
Malignancy during methotrexate and steroid therapy for psoriasis
Letter: Penetration of topical steroid preparations
Cutaneous chylous reflux. The weeping scrotum
Target blue nevus
Subcutaneous fat necrosis after paracentesis: Report of a case in a patient with acute pancreatitis
Incidence of alopecia areata in lupus erythematosus
Methanol-fixed paraffin-embedded bovine and human epidermis for antinuclear antibodies
Monoclonal gammopathy in Sezary syndrome. Report of three cases and review of the literature
Dermatology in the Caribbean
Granuloma annulare-like eruption due to chronic Epstein-Barr virus infection
Magnitude and duration of UV-B-induced tolerance
Contact urticaria from cephalosporins
Health Care Provider Satisfaction With a New Electronic Progress Note Format: SOAP vs APSO Format
Punctate and linear angiectases. Anderson-Fabry disease (angiokeratoma corporis diffusum)
Scalp mass. Giant molluscum contagiosum
Origin of cutaneous melanoma in a congenital dysplastic nevus spilus
Coping With Rising Health Care Costs
The role of sunlight and DNA repair in melanoma and nonmelanoma skin cancer. The xeroderma pigmentosum paradigm
Reticulated truncal pigmentation. Confluent and reticulated papillomatosis of Gougerot and Carteaud
Ulcers of the leg in thalassemia
Congenital melanocytic nevi
Keratoacanthomas associated with cervical squamous cell carcinoma
What is Schonlein-Henoch purpura, and why should we care?
Keratinocyte gene therapy
Treatment of basal cell carcinoma of the skin with curettage. II. A follow-up study
Pulmonary Hypertension
Dermatology independent practice associations
Editorial: Origin and evolution of pyogenic granuloma
Keratotic miliaria precipitated by radiotherapy
Phototoxicity of nonsteroidal inflammatory drugs. Coincidence or specific mechanism?
Toxic epidermal necrolysis
Ascites, gastrointestinal bleeding, and leg nodules
Letter: Hyperpigmentation and folate deficiency
Side effects and long-term toxicity of synthetic retinoids
In vivo fluorescence of human skin
Parity, polypregnancy, paternity, and PUPPP
Treatment of pyoderma gangrenosum with 4% cromolyn
Multiple verrucous skin lesions. North American blastomycosis
Microsporum persicolor infection in the United States
Sjogren's syndrome. Association of cutaneous vasculitis with central nervous system disease
Acne therapy. Medication use and sources of care in office-based practice
Detection of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 and human papillomavirus type 16 in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome-related and classic Kaposi's sarcoma
Chronic cutaneous lupus erythematosus. Thalidomide treatment of 11 patients
Eosinophilic granuloma. Presence of OKT6-positive cells and good response to intralesional steroid
Sebaceous carcinoma of the penis
Ketotifen and Chronic Urticaria
Pigmented papules in the axilla. Urticaria pigmentosa (UP) (mastocytosis)
Letter: Flexible collodion
Granulocyte colony-stimulating factor treatment of cyclic neutropenia with recurrent oral aphthae
Exacerbation of psoriasis by the hypolipidemic agent, gemfibrozil
Cutaneous reaction to an epoxy-coated pacemaker
Granulomatous panniculitis in erythema nodosum
Editorial: Topical corticosteroid therapy: efficacy of frequent application
The photodistribution of erythema multiforme
Linear porokeratosis with giant cornoid lamella
Antineutrophil Cytoplasmic Antibodies in Leukocytoclastic Vasculitis
Immunofluorescent studies in mucous membrane pemphigoid
Milia induced by corticosteroids
Psychogenic purpura: platelet factor 3 deficiency
Simultaneously active lesions of vitiligo and erythema dyschromicum perstans
Macular Bowen's disease
A yellow plaque with keratotic papules on the abdomen. Perforating calcific elastosis (periumbilical perforating pseudoxanthoma elasticum [PXE], localized acquired cutaneous PXE)
Von Recklinghausen's disease associated with multiple neurolemomas
Gold sodium thiomalate treatment of pemphigus
Immediate and delayed hypersensitivity in chronic dermatophytosis
Adverse effects of topical steroids
Oral leukoedema
Error in Figure
Vasculitis associated with hairy cell leukemia
Ultraviolet-laser ablation
A draining arm lesion in a female adult. Lymphangiosarcoma (LAS) of Stewart-Treves syndrome
Disseminated histoplasmosis presenting as exfoliative erythroder- ma
Acquired macular pigmentation. Macular amyloidosis
Epidermolysis bullosa acquisita. Incidence in patients with basement membrane zone antibodies
Human papillomavirus associated with keratoacanthoma
Acquired port-wine stain
Acid-fast bacteria in scleroderma
Drug Gray Market
Vitiligo and polyglandular autoimmune disease with autoantibodies to melanin-producing cells. A new syndrome?
Aging and the skin immune system
Treatment of Psoriasis With Troglitazone Therapy
Cutaneous manifestations of disseminated cryptococcosis
Incidence of malignant skin tumors in 14,140 patients after grenz-ray treatment for benign skin disorders
Cutaneous reactions to lower aliphatic alcohols before and during disulfiram therapy
Psoriasis induced at the injection site of recombinant interferons
Necrolytic migratory erythema without glucagonoma
Acquired digital fibroma of the lip
Generalized pruritus with flexural micropapules in a 16-month-old girl. Fiberglass dermatitis
Atherothrombotic emboli in the lower extremities
Eruptive vellus hair cysts in a Japanese adult
Alopecia by a different name. A matter of splitting hairs
Lichen nitidus of the palms and soles
Tattoos today. From eyelids to ankles and some in '3-D'
Disseminated strongyloidiasis in a patient with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Sarcoidosis responding to allopurinol
Primary cutaneous Langerhans cell histiocytosis in an adult
Vesicles on the dorsa of the fingers. Porphyria cutanea tarda (PCT)
Percutaneous steroid therapy of lumbago
Prolonged cutaneous herpes zoster in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Tachyphylaxis to the action of topically applied corticosteroids
Prevalence of warts on hands of poultry slaughterers, and poultry warts
Coexistence of localized bullous pemphigoid, morphea, and subcorneal pustulosis
Angiokeratoma of Mibelli with necrosis of the fingertips
Role of interferon-gamma in cutaneous trafficking of lymphocytes with emphasis on molecular and cellular adhesion events
Fixed eruption due to glutethimide
Ichthyosis, exocrine pancreatic insufficiency, impaired neutrophil chemotaxis, growth retardation, and metaphyseal dysplasia (Shwachman syndrome). Report of a case with extensive skin lesions (clinical, histological, and ultrastructural findings)
Metastatic malignant melanoma of the tongue
Multiple cutaneous plexiform schwannomas with tumors of the central nervous system
Solitary nodule on the foot of a 37-year-old man. Atypical fibroxanthoma (AFX)
The treatment of genetic disorders
Benign cephalic histiocytosis
The Pleiades, or Seven Sisters (Messier object 45), which is an open star cluster in the constellations of Taurus. Taken at Anza, California
Quality of care in the diagnosis of melanoma and related melanocytic lesions
Panniculitis of the legs with urate crystal deposition
Factor VIII-related antigen in Kaposi's sarcoma in young homosexual men
Fixed drug eruption (phenolphthalein). Evidence for a blood-borne mediator
Mixed connective tissue disease syndrome
Festschrift for Harvey Blank, MD
Cutaneous reactions at test sites of iodine-containing contrast medium
Nodular scleroderma and pleomorphic acid-fast bacteria
Cutaneous and subcutaneous inflammatory sclerosis syndromes
Ominous Tzanck smears in primary herpes simplex virus infection
Inhibition of allergic contact dermatitis and ultraviolet radiation-induced tissue swelling in the mouse by topical amiloride
Angiomatoid malignant fibrous histiocytoma associated with marked bleeding arising in chronic radiodermatitis
Steatocystoma multiplex. Report of a florid case and a review
Response of chronic psoriatic plaques to localized heating induced by ultrasound
Betamethasone valerate ointment compared with fluocinonide FAPG
Experimental cutaneous candidiasis in rodents
Pyoderma gangrenosum. Occurrence with altered cellular immunity and a circulating serum factor
Scleromyxedema
A cream cleanser for anal hygiene in the treatment of pruritus ani
On a clear day you can see forever
Ulcerative contact dermatitis caused by sodium silicate. Coexistence of primary irritant contact dermatitis and contact urticaria
Cognitive activity and cutaneous blood flow
Linear hypopigmentation after digital intra-articular injection of corticosteroid
The role of streptococcal infection in the initiation of guttate psoriasis
Immunohistochemical demonstration of factor XIIIa expression in neurofibromas. A practical means of differentiating these tumors from neurotized melanocytic nevi and schwannomas
Fluoxetine-induced hypersensitivity
Vitamin D resistance and alopecia. A causal or casual relationship?
An ulcerated plaque in a gay man. Cutaneous cryptococcosis
Diagnosing child abuse. The cost of getting it wrong
The use of levamisole in atopic dermatitis: a prospective study
Low serum iron levels and moderate anemia in severe nodulocystic acne. Reversal with isotretinoin therapy
Radiodermatitis following cardiac catheterization
Abnormality of water barrier function in psoriasis. Role of ceramide fractions
A perspective on the role of collagenase in recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa
Symptomatic keloids in two children. Dramatic improvement with silicone cream occlusive dressing
Frey's syndrome
Allergic contact dermatitis to new plastic resins
Keratosis lichenoides chronica
Lymphomatoid granulomatosis preceded by chronic granulomatous dermatitis
Papular dermatitis herpetiformis in childhood
Regression and other factors of prognostic interest in malignant melanoma
Flesh-colored nodule on the forearm. Intravascular papillary endothelial hyperplasia (IVPEH)
Erythema dyschromicum perstans
Dyslipoproteinemia in patients with xanthelasma
Modifiable Determinants of Serum 25-Hydroxyvitamin D Status in Early Childhood
Treatment of Lichen Planus
Photosensitivity to methyldopa
Immunocytochemical localization of cathepsin D in rabbit skin
Acral lividosis--a sign of myeloproliferative diseases. Hyperleukocytosis syndrome in chronic myelogenous leukemia
The CHILD syndrome. Histologic and ultrastructural studies
Transient cephalic neonatal pustulosis
Coexistence of benign familial pemphigus and psoriasis vulgaris
Single dose of albendazole in the treatment of cutaneous larva migrans
Chronic intractable atopic eczema. Its occurrence as a physical sign of impaired parent-child relationships and psychologic developmental arrest: improvement through parent insight and education
Sweet's syndrome and mediastinal lymphadenopathy due to sarcoidosis: three cases of a new association
Pemphigus treatment with azathioprine. Clinical and immunologic correlation
A productive black facial pore. Trichofolliculoma
Pityriasis rotunda
Validity of the 'bioassay' for thioredoxin-reductase activity
Acute generalized exanthematous pustulosis. Analysis of 63 cases
Anti-intercellular substance antibodies. Presence in serum samples of 14 patients without pemphigus
Ultraviolet light protection by several new compounds
Prekeratin in spindle cell tumors of the skin
Xeroderma pigmentosum-like changes
Phenytoin and junctional epidermolysis bullosa
From bedside to bench and back. The diagnosis and biology of bullous diseases
Histopathology and cytology of oral lesions of pemphigus
Phototoxicity occurring during the manufacture of ultraviolet-cured ink
Lupus pernio: successful treatment with a potent topical corticosteroid
Barney David Usher, 1899-1978
Figurate and bullous eruption in association with breast carcinoma
Treatment of alopecia areata with squaric acid dibutylester
Pathology quiz case 1: noninfiltrating angiolipoma
Solitary papule of the lip in recurrent gastroesophageal carcinoma: an unusual presentation of cutaneous metastasis
Androgenetic alopecia
BCG vaccination and interpretation of purified protein derivative test results
Candidiasis, vitiligo, Addison's disease, and hypoparathyroidism
Staphylococcal scalded skin syndrome. Clinical features, pathogenesis, and recent microbiological and biochemical developments
The genetics of psoriasis
Pathogenesis of trichomycosis axillaris
Sequences of human herpesvirus 8 are not detected in various non-Kaposi sarcoma vascular lesions
Sporotrichosis and sarcoidosis
Repeated skin infections as a manifestation of lupus erythematosus
Treatment of alopecia areata with steroid solution
The invisible dermatoses
"Bugs"
Kaposi's varicelliform eruption. Absence of ocular involvement
Arteriovenous malformation treated with embolization and laser therapy
Multiple erythematous nodules as a manifestation of Pseudomonas aeruginosa septicemia
Changes in Skin Redness, Pigmentation, Echostructure, Thickness, and Surface Contour After 1 Pulsed Dye Laser Treatment of Port-wine Stains in Children
Symptomatic pitted keratolysis
Interobserver variability in dermatopathology
Tick bite granuloma with autoeczematization
The MAGIC syndrome (mouth and genital ulcers with inflamed cartilage)
Pott's puffy tumor. A clinical marker for osteomyelitis of the skull
Acquired cutis laxa concomitant with nephrotic syndrome
Phototoxic textile dermatitis ("bikini dermatitis")
Perianal pseudoverrucous papules and nodules in children
Zinc zealots and zetetics
Diethyltoluamide-containing insect repellent: adverse effects in worldwide use
Traumatic tattoo due to silver salt
High levels of soluble CD23 in blister fluid of patients with bullous pemphigoid
Relapsing polychondritis associated with cutaneous vasculitis
Aurantiasis cutis
Slowly Expanding Abdominal Plaque
Acquired ichthyosis. A sign of nonlymphoproliferative malignant disorders
Faces going up in smoke. A dermatologic opportunity for cancer prevention
Trichoblastic fibroma. A series of 10 cases with report of a new plaque variant
Smokers' melanosis. Occurrence and localization in the attached gingiva
Cutaneous carcinoma during long-term hydroxyurea therapy: a report of 5 cases
Serum soluble interleukin 2 receptor levels in erythrodermic cutaneous T-cell lymphoma correlate with response to photopheresis-based treatment
Malignant atrophic papulosis (Degros disease). A report of two cases with clinical and histological studies
Papular dermatitis of pregnancy
Follicular hyperkeratosis and cryocrystalglobulinemia syndrome. Occurrence in a patient with multiple myeloma
Porphyria turcica
Waardenburg's syndrome
Quinidine photosensitivity
Treatment of palmoplantar pustulosis with intralesional triamcinolone injections
Acute bullous hemorrhagic eruption. Acute febrile neutrophilic dermatosis (Sweet's syndrome)
Letter: Leser-Trelat sign with porphyria cutanea tarda and malignant hepatoma
Nonmelanized macromelanosomes in a cellular blue nevus. Light and electron microscopic observations
Flare dermatitis. Occurrence in skin transplant donar site following sensitization in recipient site
Generalized spiny hyperkeratosis, universal alopecia, and deafness. A previously undescribed syndrome
Skin type, but neither race nor gender, influence epidermal permeability barrier function
Tubular apocrine adenoma
Topical vitamin A acid in the treatment of psoriasis
Pyoderma gangrenosum involving the head and neck
Is Bart's syndrome a specific syndrome?
Topical minoxidil therapy for androgenetic alopecia
Peripheral edema due to nifedipine-itraconazole interaction: a case report
IgE and IgD concentrations in patients with recurrent aphthous stomatitis
Hyperpigmentation with daunorubicin therapy
Neonatal pityriasis versicolor
Erythema multiforme as a complication of BCG scarification technique
Darier's disease complicated by Trichophyton rubrum infection
Chronic meningococcemia
Cutaneous nonpulmonary Mycobacterium chelonei infection. Successful treatment with sulfonamides in an immunosuppressed patient
Generalized argyria. Clinicopathologic features and histochemical studies
Potassium iodide and vasculitis
Treatment for acne
Neonatal anaerobic (clostridial) cellulitis and omphalitis
Peristomal atrophic papules. Degos' disease (malignant atrophic papulosis)
Clinical stage IA (limited patch and plaque) mycosis fungoides. A long-term outcome analysis
Rectal mucosa involvement in keratosis follicularis
Cryofibrinogenemia, monoclonal gammopathy, and purpura. Report of a case and review of the literature
Ichthyosiform erythroderma, hair shaft abnormalities, and mental and growth retardation. A new recessive disorder
Transient acantholytic dermatosis
Bullous eruption in a woman with lupus erythematosus. Bullous systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)
Letter: Mycobacterium marinum infection
Efficacy of ivermectin in the therapy of larva currens
Letter: Systemic eczematous "contact-type" dermatitis medicamentosa caused by parabens
Ultrasound structure of the human nail plate
Dysfunctional Adiposity and the Risk of Prediabetes and Type 2 Diabetes in Obese Adults
Enhancement of PUVA phototoxic effects following celery ingestion: cool broth also can burn
Treatment of cutaneous Kaposi's sarcoma with intralesional vincristine
Quaternary ammonium compound contact dermatitis from a deodorant
Hypertrophic Olivary Degeneration Due to Pontine Hemorrhage
Paraneoplastic pemphigus presenting as a lichen planus pemphigoides-like eruption
Diffuse papular eruption with swelling of joints in a preschooler. Sarcoidosis in a preschooler
Cytomegalovirus-induced cytopathic changes in skin biopsy specimens: clinicopathologic study in patients with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome and an active extracutaneous cytomegalovirus infection
Malignant syphilis. Severe variant of secondary syphilis
Partial unilateral lentiginosis
Failure of flat warts to recur in electrosurgically altered skin
Seromucinous (salivary) ectopia of the perianal region
Oral calcitriol as a new therapeutic agent in localized and systemic scleroderma
Efficacy and tolerance of liposomal daunorubicin in Kaposi sarcoma associated with human immunodeficiency virus infection
Erythema elevatum diutinum in a patient with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome. Another clinical simulator of Kaposi's sarcoma
Pigmented eccrine acrospiroma. Report of a case
Vitiligo treatment with a combination of PUVA therapy and epidermal autografts
Problem-oriented records
Multiple cutaneous carcinomas and lymphomas of the skin
Pentoxifylline (Trental) therapy for the vasculitis of atrophie blanche
Chronic lupoid leishmaniasis. Evaluation by polymerase chain reaction
Microbiology of tinea versicolor
Steroid treatment of hemangiomas in children
Late-onset erythropoietic protoporphyria with unusual cutaneous features
FKBP5 and Attention Bias for Threat
The cost of occupational skin disease
Dermatology's resident match: it's time for change
Treatment of keratoacanthoma with topical fluorouracil
Dynamic epidermal cooling during pulsed laser treatment of port-wine stain. A new methodology with preliminary clinical evaluation
Dialysis treatment of psoriasis
Effects of methotrexate and hydroxyurea on psoriatic epidermis. Preferential cytotoxic effects on psoriatic epidermis
Newborn infant with multiple purple skin nodules
Pemphigus vegetans: its relationship to eosinophilic spongiosis and favorable response to dapsone
Induction of drug photosensitization in man after parenteral exposure to hematoporphyrin
Larva migrans complicated by Loeffler's syndrome
Intralesional fluorouracil/epinephrine injectable gel for treatment of condylomata acuminata. A phase 3 clinical study
The rule of hand: 4 hand areas = 2 FTU = 1 g
Blistering of the hands and forearms. Phytophotodermatitis
Treatment of Kaposi's sarcoma
The depigmenting effect of azelaic acid
Kaposi's sarcoma: further immunohistologic evidence of a vascular endothelial origin
Suppressor cell function in psoriasis
Recurrent and metastatic cutaneous neuroendocrine (Merkel cell) carcinoma mimicking angiosarcoma
A folding ultraviolet light box
Persistent Mongolian spot in the adult
Lich myxedematosus. A dermal infiltrative disorder responsive to cyclophosphamide therapy
Cutaneous protothecosis in a patient receiving immunosuppressive therapy
Various parameters for grading acne vulgaris
Hyaline bodies in subepidermal papillae. Immunohistochemical studies in several dermatoses
Treatment of pityriasis rosea with UV radiation
Treatment of atopic dermatitis with topically applied caffeine--a follow-up report
Cicatricial pemphigoid. Immunofluorescent studies
Perianal atrophoderma from topical corticosteroids
A syndrome of multiple immune autoreactivity. A breakdown in immune regulation
Treatment of cutaneous sarcoidosis with chloroquine. Review of the literature
Acrokeratosis verruciformis of Hopf
Herpes gestations with identical lesions in the newborn. Passive transfer of the disease?
Insulin allergy. Report of a case with delayed local reaction
Epidermolytic variant of solar keratosis
Persistent facial plaque. Coccidioidomycosis
Teledermatology and underserved populations
Clinicopathologic types of epidermolysis bullosa and their nondermatological complications
Metabolic and ultrastructural studies in a patient with pustular psoriasis (von Zumbusch)
Subcutaneous phaeohyphomycosis caused by Exserohilum rostratum in an immunocompetent host
Pigmentary patterning as a clinical clue of genetic mosaicism
Cutaneous leishmaniasis. Treatment with itraconazole
Bullous pemphigoid responding to sulfapyridine and the sulfones
Vitiligolike macules in systemic scleroderma
Risk Factors for Anastomotic Leakage After Anterior Resection for Rectal Cancer
Recurrence Rates After the First Course of Isotretinoin
Ulcerating papulosquamous eruption and constipation in a 75-year-old man
Letter: Lentigo maligna associated with porphyria cutanea tarda
Self-healing juvenile cutaneous mucinosis
Puzzling palmar and plantar papules. Porokeratotic eccrine ostial and dermal duct nevus
Fanconi's anemia with cutaneous amyloidosis
Leukopenia and neutropenia associated with isotretinoin therapy
Reduviid bites in an arthropod reactor
Topical use of caffeine with hydrocortisone in the treatment of atopic dermatitis
Childhood pemphigus foliaceus. Report of a case
Treatment of leg ulcers with cryopreserved allogeneic cultured epithelium. A multicenter study
You say potato, we say potatoe
Pathology quiz case 2: staphylococcal scalded skin syndrome (SSSS)
CD8+ cutaneous T-cell lymphoma with pagetoid epidermotropism and angiocentric and angiodestructive infiltration
Augmented betamethasone: efficacy in psoriasis with different dosing frequencies
Prurigo pigmentosa. Report of a case and review of the literature
Treatment of acyclovir-resistant perianal herpetic ulceration with intramuscular interferon alfa
Letter: Glutaraldehyde in treating herpes simplex and herpes zoster
Generalized eruption in a liver transplant patient. CMV
Similar Ro/SS-A autoantibody epitope and titer responses in annular erythema of Sjogren's syndrome and subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus
Letter: Penile petechiae
Trichothiodystrophy: sulfur-deficient brittle hair as a marker for a neuroectodermal symptom complex
The pathogenic role of microbes in seborrheic dermatitis
A histological study of the evolution of solar urticaria
Systemic lupus erythematosus. Association with previous neonatal lupus erythematosus
Pyoderma gangrenosum. Abnormal monocyte function corrected in vitro with hydrocortisone
Herpetiform blisters in systemic lupus erythematosus
Familial benign chronic pemphigus. The role of trauma including contact sensitivity
Letter: Presumed generalized exfoliative dermatitis to lidocaine
Factitial panniculitis
Interleukin-10 is a predominant cytokine in atopic dermatitis
Bowel bypass syndrome
Stucco keratosis
Endothelium-derived relaxing factor and minoxidil: active mechanisms in hair growth
Fixed drug eruption. Expression of epidermal keratinocyte intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1)
Oropharyngeal lesions and their management in epidermolysis bullosa
Bullous pemphigoid in childhood. Immunofluorescent studies
Haber's syndrome. Report of a new family
Budesonide patch testing
Becker's nevus and ipsilateral breast hypoplasia--androgen-receptor study in two patients
Chronic erythema nodosum
Association of granuloma annulare with sarcoidosis
Hodgkin's disease and granuloma annulare
Sporotrichoid leishmaniasis
Lindane poisonings
Leukonychia punctata and pitted nails in alopecia areata
Verrucous carcinoma. Papillomatosis cutis carcinoides
Quality improvement and management in a dermatology office
Punctate porokeratosis
Solitary facial plaque of long duration. Desmoplastic trichoepithelioma
Intrauterine herpes simplex infections
Ultrastructural findings in epidermolysis bullosa
Pathology quiz case 2: steatocystoma multiplex
Letter: Allergic contact dermatitis due to neutral red
Darier's disease: update on an effective new therapy
Side effects of Bounce
Inactivity of corticosteroids on elastotic tissue
Is the combination of tetracycline and nicotinamide therapy alone effective in pemphigus?
Chromomycosis. The association of fungal elements and wood splinters
Vascular ulcers in scleroderma
Posttraumatic punctate hemorrhage of the skin: a better name than black heel
Letter: Transient acantholytic dermatosis
CD34+ spindle-shaped cells selectively disappear from the skin lesion of scleroderma
Allergic reaction to sunscreen products
Cold urticaria, cryoglobulinemia and questionable myeloma
Identification of T cell in parapsoriasis infiltrates. Use of an anti-human T-cell serum and the immunoperoxidase technique
Diagnosis of Pompe Disease
Primary cutaneous blastomycosis
Linear papular ectodermal-mesodermal hamartoma (hamartoma moniliformis)
Pseudofolliculitis of the legs
Blue papules on the chest. Eruptive vellus hair cysts
Fibroepithelial polyps and pathologic evaluation
The antiquity of poisonous sumac
Azelaic acid esters do not depigment pigmented guinea pig skin
Histologic effect of fluorouracil on normal skin
Does Oral Zinc Aid the Healing of Chronic Leg Ulcers?
Unreliability of self-reported burning tendency and tanning ability
Viral folliculitis. Atypical presentations of herpes simplex, herpes zoster, and molluscum contagiosum
Removal of congenital nevocytic nevi
Failure of drug rash to appear in a previously irradiated site
Ulnar neuropathy after liquid nitrogen cryotherapy
Hypodermitis sclerodermiformis and unusual acid-fast bacteria
Modified nasolabial transposition flap provides vestibular lining and cover of alar defect with intact rim
Cutaneous remnants of the omphalomesenteric duct
Sclerosing lipogranuloma of the male genitalia: a malingerer's malady?
Patient personal injury litigation against dermatology residency programs in the United States, 1964-1988. Implications for future risk-management programs in dermatology and dermatologic surgery
Acquired purpura fulminans induced by alcohol and acetaminophen. Successful treatment with heparin and vitamin K
Patch testing with carbamazepine: reinduction of an exfoliative dermatitis
Interaction of phototoxic compounds with cells in tissue culture
Long-standing erythematous facial plaques. Granuloma faciale
Allergic contact dermatitis caused by olive wood jewelry
Variations in the number and morphology of Langerhans' cells in the epidermal component of squamous cell carcinomas
Mechlorethamine hydrochloride solutions and ointment. Prolonged stability and biological activity
Chemosurgery for melanoma
Penicillamine-induced pemphigus
Blood pressure as a parameter in dermatologic surgery
The dual rhombic flap. A technique to utilize distant tissue laxity for reconstructive surgery
Xeroderma pigmentosum variant with multisystem involvement
Chronic sunscreen use decreases circulating concentrations of 25-hydroxyvitamin D. A preliminary study
History, Applications, and Mechanisms of Deep Brain Stimulation
Pseudocyst of the auricle associated with trauma
Dermatology manpower projections
The Archives of Dermatology 1990 Annual Trainee Award is presented to Richard L. Gallo, MD
Borderline and reactive FTA-ABS. Results in lupus erythematosus
Basal cell tumor with eccrine differentiation (eccrine epithelioma)
Pustular eruption of pregnancy treated with locally administered PUVA
A seborrheic keratosislike lesion. Intraepidermal epithelioma of Borst-Jadassohn
Absence of human herpesvirus 8 DNA sequences in patients with immunosuppression-associated dermatofibromas
Absence of human papillomavirus in squamous cell carcinomas of nongenital skin from immunocompromised renal transplant patients
Eruptive, multicentric pilomatricoma (calcifying epithelioma). Roentgenographic detection of fine tumor calcification
Progressive erythematous and atrophic eruption in a patient with chronic myelogenous leukemia. Poikilodermal vasculare atrophicans (PVA)
Eruptive neurofibromatosis associated with anorexia nervosa
Congenital self-healing (transient) mechanobullous dermatosis
Pseudofolliculitis capitis
Staphylococcal scalded skin syndrome. Adult onset in a patient with deficient cell-mediated immunity
Globulelike dermoscopic structures in pigmented seborrheic keratosis
Flame figures in scabies: a case report
Herpes gestationis. New immunologic findings
Palpable purpura and respiratory failure
Pustular psoriasis of the scalp
Achard-Thiers syndrome
Regression in thin malignant melanoma. Microscopic diagnosis and prognostic importance
Localized pemphigoid simulating dyshidrosiform dermatitis
Spontaneous regression of perianal extramammary Paget's disease after partial surgical excision
Immunohistochemical, ultrastructural, and molecular features of Kindler syndrome distinguish it from dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa
Multiple keratoacanthomas
Successful treatment of condylomata acuminata and bowenoid papulosis with subcutaneous injections of low-dose recombinant interferon-alpha
Acne Vulgaris and the Quality of Life of Adult Dermatology Patients
Subcutaneous tissue involvement by T-cell lymphoma. A report of 2 cases
Cyclosporine treatment of severe recalcitrant pyoderma gangrenosum in a patient with Takayasu's arteritis
The Navy dermatology technician. A survey of his attitudes and aspirations
Melanonychia after treatment of malignant disease with radiation and cyclophosphamide
Treatment of superficial onychomycosis with topically applied glutaraldehyde. A preliminary study
Fluorescent whitening agents. Tests for skin-sensitizing potential
Erythema elevatum diutinum. Response to dapsone
Cutaneous involvement by IgD myeloma
Crusted (Norwegian) scabies with adult T-cell leukemia
Zinc deficiency, pellagra, or both?
Effectiveness of Cryosurgery vs Curettage in the Treatment of Seborrheic Keratoses
FTA-ABS test in pregnancy. A probable false-positive reaction
The generalized atrophic benign form of junctional epidermolysis bullosa. Experience with four patients in the United States
Aplasia cutis congenita. A follow-up evaluation after 25 years
Porokeratosis--a mutant clonal keratosis of the epidermis. I. Histogenesis
The Archives of Dermatology: the first hundred years
Exogenous lipids influence permeability barrier recovery in acetone-treated murine skin
Spontaneous adult scurvy in a developed country: new insight in an ancient disease
Cutaneous leishmaniasis acquired during military service in the Middle East
The morphologic criteria of the pseudopod in surface microscopy
Similarities in cutaneous nerve receptors
Migratory silicone granuloma
Griseofulvin-resistant dermatophytosis
Iatrogenic osteoporosis
A slow growing lesion on the face. Lupus vulgaris
Progressive interstitial lung disease from prolonged methotrexate therapy
Congenital multiple giant mast cell tumours with urticaria pigmentosa: malabsorption: first reported case
Transient bullous dermolysis of the newborn
Systemic interferon gamma as adjuvant therapy for refractory anogenital warts: a randomized clinical trial and meta-analysis of the available data
Topical carmustine therapy for lymphomatoid papulosis
Favre-Racouchot syndrome: a case for smokers' comedones
Variably occlusive tape systems and the mitotic activity of stripped human epidermis. Effects with and without hydrocortisone
Treatment of excess sweating of the palms by iontophoresis
Pemphigus. A 20-year survey of experience with 70 cases
A comparison of the efficacy and safety of Jessner's solution and 35% trichloroacetic acid vs 5% fluorouracil in the treatment of widespread facial actinic keratoses
Metastasizing eccrine sweat gland carcinoma. Report of a case
Concurrence of bullous and atrophic skin lesions in diabetes mellitus
The diagnostic significance of the minimal erythema dose
Infectious eccrine hidradenitis in a patient undergoing hemodialysis
Inflammatory linear verrucous epidermal nevus. Association with epidermal nevus syndrome
Perinevoid alopecia. An unusual variety of alopecia areata
Mosaic expression of hypohidrotic ectodermal dysplasia in an isolated affected female child
A variation of composite grafting for reconstruction of full-thickness nasal alar defects
Lentigo maligna and Mohs
Mucinous syringometaplasia
Osteomyelitis of the distal phalanges in three children with severe atopic dermatitis
Scalp Dysesthesia
Trends in the population-based incidence of squamous cell carcinoma of the skin first diagnosed between 1984 and 1992
Classification of amyloidosis
A pilot study of piritrexim in mycosis fungoides
Acanthosis nigricans of the forehead and fingers associated with hyperinsulinemia
Dramatic cutaneous psoriasis improvement in a patient with the human immunodeficiency virus treated with 2',3'-dideoxy,3'-thyacytidine [correction of 2',3'-dideoxycytidine] and ritonavir
Drug-induced photosensitivity reaction
Cutaneous metastases from hepatomas
An open study to assess the efficacy and safety of topical 3% diclofenac in a 2.5% hyaluronic acid gel for the treatment of actinic keratoses
Topical tretinoin therapy and oral lichen planus
Streptococcal cause of erysipelas and cellulitis in adults. A microbiologic study using a direct immunofluorescence technique
Clinicians Remain Reluctant to Allow Negative Findings to Influence Practice
Contact urticaria from cinnamic aldehyde
Treatment of keratoacanthomas with intralesional fluorouracil
Topically applied bovine collagen in the treatment of ulcerative necrobiosis lipoidica diabeticorum
Carcinoid in an umbilical nodule
Impetigo herpetiformis associated with hypocalcemia of congenital rickets
The State of the World's Refugees
Glucose and insulin responses are improved in patients with psoriasis during therapy with etretinate
Cyclic fever and rash in a 66-year-old woman. Chronic meningococcemia
Extensive inguinal lymphadenitis. Ecthyma with inguinal lymphadenitis
Epidermolysis bullosa simplex (Koebner) is a keratin disorder. Ultrastructural and immunohistochemical study
Lyme disease acquired in southeast Africa
Mexico–United States Migration and the Prevalence of Obesity: A Transnational Perspective
The Enamel Paint Sign in the Dermatologic Diagnosis of Early-Onset Kwashiorkor
Trichosporon beigelii fungemia and cutaneous dissemination
Annular skin lesions induced by chope (candle suction). A Southeast Asian folk medicine practice
Syringocystadenoma papilliferum in an unusual location. Report of a case
Cytomegalic inclusion disease of the skin
Polydysplastic epidermolysis bullosa and deelopment of epidermal neoplasms
Erythroderma. A clinicopathological study of 56 cases
Mycobacterium marinum skin infection successfully treated with levofloxacin
Treatment of tattoos by Q-switched ruby laser. A dose-response study
Psoriasis, methotrexate, and oligospermia
Infection and prematurity as the cause of linear skin atrophy, alopecia, anonychia, and tongue lesions?
Dapsone-induced peripheral neuropathy. Case report and review
Quality of Life Differences Between Responders and Nonresponders in the Treatment of Cutaneous Lupus Erythematosus
The word is out
Persistent oral ulcers and sore throat. Pemphigus vulgaris (PV)
Gold dermatitis
Letter: Intertriginous xanthomas
Large congenital melanocytic nevi and the risk for the development of malignant melanoma. A prospective study
Letter: Multiple actinic keratoses of the forehead
Quantitative electron microscopy in the diagnosis of mycosis fungoides. A simple analysis of lymphocytic nuclear convolutions
Rashes in immunocompromised cancer patients. The diagnostic yield of skin biopsy and its effects on therapy
Letter: Variation of erythema with monochromator bandwidth
A child with unusual palms and soles. Epidermolytic palmoplantar keratoderma (PPK) of Vorner
Digital arterial occlusions without acral ischemic change as the first manifestation of polycythemia vera
Bacteriology of acne comedones
Nevus spilus
Efficacy of systemic phenytoin in the treatment of junctional epidermolysis bullosa
Gram-negative folliculitis. Follow-up observations in 20 patients
Kaposi Sarcoma complicating systemic lupus erythematosus treated with immunosuppression
Specific mucosal erosions in hypereosinophilic syndrome. Evidence for eosinophil protein deposition
Psoriasis in an unselected series of twins
Rapid onset of pustular plaques. Acute febrile neutrophilic dermatosis (Sweet's syndrome)
The sensitivity and specificity of the potassium hydroxide smear
The actinic cheilitis of hereditary polymorphic light eruption
Anonychia congenita
Sensitivity to the weed killer DNA-nitralin and cross-sensitivity to dinitrochlorobenzene
An unusual presentation of secondary syphilis in a patient with human immunodeficiency virus infection. A case report and review of the literature
Herpes zoster with ocular destruction
Prostaglandins in cutaneous biology
Lindane. A prudent approach
Minocycline treatment for leukocytoclastic vasculitis associated with rheumatoid arthritis
Violaceous papules and macules in a newborn. Dermal erythropoiesis associated with congenital cytomegalovirus infection
Mobile encapsulated lipomas. Formerly called encapsulated angiolipomas
Necrotizing fasciitis
Intradermal implantation of bovine collagen. Humoral immune responses associated with clinical reactions
The Wolff-Chaikoff effect: hypothyroidism due to potassium iodide
Severe cutaneous porphyria in a 12-year-old boy: hepatoerythropoietic or symptomatic porphyria?
Letter: Cryosurgery treatment of carcinoma
Telogen effluvium
Use of cytarabine for herpesvirus infections
Clinical implications of ribonucleoprotein antibody
Painful callus of the thumb due to phalangeal exostosis
Methoxsalen serum level variations in psoralen and ultraviolet-A (PUVA) therapy
Resolving pityriasis rubra pilaris resembling erythema gyratum repens
Eccrine duct involvement by herpes zoster
Neurotoxicity of sulfones
Microcystic adnexal carcinoma. An immunohistochemical comparison with other cutaneous appendage tumors
Nocardia: a geographic prevalence
Sezary syndrome after successful treatment of Hodgkin's disease
Examination of the ability of people to identify early changes of melanoma in computer-altered pigmented skin lesions
T and B lymphocytes in atopic eczema
Left Lower Quadrant Mass
A palmar chancre and multiple proximal erythematous nodules. Nodular lymphangitis due to Nocardia brasiliensis
Clinical diagnosis of pigmented lesions using digital epiluminescence microscopy. Grading protocol and atlas
Lasers in dermatology
Immunoblot assay as an aid to the diagnoses of unclassified cases of pemphigus
Is cimetidine effective for nongenital warts: a double-blind, placebo-controlled study
August 1945: Undecylenic acid in the treatment of dermatomycosis by Arthur L. Shapiro and Stephen Rothman
Cicatricial pemphigoid in a patient with systemic lupus erythematosus
Stephan Epstein, MD 1900-1973
Hyperhidrotic, painful lesion. Eccrine angiomatous hamartoma
Proceedings: Intraepidermal epithelioma of Jadassohn
Plantar verrucous carcinoma. Literature review and treatment by the Mohs' chemosurgery technique
Surgical Margins in the Genomic Era
Sporotrichoid cutaneous infection with Mycobacterium kansasii
Lentigo maligna. The use of rush permanent sections in therapy
Multiple sequential skin cancers. The risk of skin cancer in patients with previous skin cancer
Information excess in medicine. Overview, relevance to dermatology, and strategies for coping
Rapid diagnosis of coccidioidomycosis with a DNA probe to ribosomal RNA
Oral contraceptives as a cause of erythema nodosum
Cimetidine and psoriatic arthritis
Treatment of cafe au lait macules with lasers. A clinicopathologic correlation
Letter: Spiny palmar keratosis
Cutaneous metastases from carcinoma of the cervix
Chondrodysplasia punctata. Conradi-Hunermann syndrome
Delayed blanch reaction in atopic dermatitis
Porphyria cutanea tarda in a patient with agnogenic myeloid metaplasia
New concepts in the classification of cutaneous lymphomas
Surgical correction of rhinophyma
Antinuclear antibodies as immunologic markers for a benign subset and different clinical characteristics of scleroderma
Acquired intertriginous pigmentation: Dowling-disease or reticulated-pigmented anomaly of the flexures
Is Vulval Erosive Lichen Planus a Premalignant Condition?
Abnormal skin irritancy in atopic dermatitis and in atopy without dermatitis
Well-demarcated papules and plaques in sun-exposed areas. Multiple large-cell acanthomas
Malignant pyoderma or pyoderma gangrenosum of the head and neck?
An isolated scaling plaque on the scalp
Artifact or vasculitis
Purple nodules on the lower extremity following above-knee amputation. Angiosarcoma
Erythrokeratoderma variabilis and variable circinate erythrokeratodermas
IgE in pemphigus
Granuloma annulare treated with chlorambucil: an 18-month follow-up
Cross-sensitivity of common aminoglycoside antibiotics
Unusual skin tumors in Langerhans' cell histiocytosis
Lamellar ichthyosis. An enzyme histochemical, light, and electron microscopic study
The human progenitor cell antigen (CD34) is localized on endothelial cells, dermal dendritic cells, and perifollicular cells in formalin-fixed normal skin, and on proliferating endothelial cells and stromal spindle-shaped cells in Kaposi's sarcoma
Bits of Bicentennial Dermatology
A Randomized Controlled Trial of the Tumor Necrosis Factor Antagonist Infliximab for Treatment-Resistant Depression
Current status of dermatologic surgery: new special requirements for dermatology residency training
Lichen amyloidosus. A relatively common skin disorder in Taiwan
Chronic urticaria associated with exogenous thyroid use
Rapid Healing of Venous Ulcers and Lack of Clinical Rejection With an Allogeneic Cultured Human Skin Equivalent
Herpetic sycosis. Report of two cases
Hyperlinear palms: association with ichthyosis and atopic dermatitis
Ikeda S: Sturge-Weber and Klippel-Trenaunay syndrome with nevus of ota and ito
Letter: Herpes gestationis
Porphyrin abnormalities in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Keratosis lichenoides chronica. Successful treatment with psoralen-ultraviolet-A therapy
Ranibizumab for Edema of the Macula in Diabetes Study
My skin is only the top layer of the problem
Enlightened views on freckles and dandruff
Psoralen-UVA-treated psoriatic lesions. Ultrastructural changes
Cutaneous mycosis caused by Paecilomyces lilacinus
Generalized ulcerative sarcoidosis
Reversible hyperpigmentation of skin and nails with white hair due to vitamin B12 deficiency
Paraneoplastic acrokeratosis of Bazex
Nevus oligemicus. A variant of nevus anemicus
Human infection with Dirofilaria
Antibodies to intermediate filament proteins. The differential diagnosis of cutaneous tumors
Idiopathic and L-tryptophan-associated eosinophilic fasciitis before and after L-tryptophan contamination
Efficacy of ketoconazole in post-kala-azar dermal leishmaniasis
Benign leukokeratosis of the areolae and abdomen
Autosomal Recessive Spastic Ataxia of Charlevoix-Saguenay in the Time of Next-Generation Sequencing—Reply
Lupus erythematosus and calcinosis cutis
Benign pigmented lesion of the eyelid associated with acquired ocular melanosis
Letter: Multiple flat warts due to tetracycline
Erythema ab igne
Temporal arteritis with scalp necrosis
Multiple asymptomatic hyperkeratotic papules on the lower part of the legs. Hyperkeratosis lenticularis perstans (HLP) (Flegel disease)
Etretinate therapy and immune activities
Human leukocyte antigen haplotype sharing in siblings with psoriasis
Skin manifestations of mustard gas. A clinical study of 535 patients exposed to mustard gas
Clinical antifungal activity of thiabendazole
Immediate hypersensitivity skin reactions to human dander in atopic dermatitis. Partial purification and characterization of human dander allergens
Giant keratoacanthoma of the nose
Vasculitis
Topical medications on dermabraded tattoos
Trichomycosis of the scrotal hair
Familial benign chronic pemphigus. Surgical treatment and pathogenesis
Response of Severely Obese Children and Adolescents to Behavioral Treatment
Pain, pruritus, and swelling localized to two toes. Tungiasis
Granulomatous perioral dermatitis in children
Nodular lesions on the face and trunk. Xanthoma disseminatum (XD)
Diminished cutaneous hair density in dysplastic nevus syndrome
Coexistence of pemphigus foliaceus and bullous pemphigoid. Demonstration of autoantibodies that bind to both the pemphigus foliaceus antigen complex and the bullous pemphigoid antigen
Coumarin necrosis, neonatal purpura fulminans, and protein C deficiency
Porphyrialike bullous dermatosis after chronic intense tanning bed and/or sunlight exposure
Transforming growth factor alpha gene expression in cultured human keratinocytes is unaffected by cellular aging
Pigmented purpuric lichenoid dermatosis with Hodgkin's disease
Topical 0.050% betamethasone dipropionate. Pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic dose-response studies in humans
Porphyria cutanea tarda treated with chloroquine phosphate
Multiple osteolytic lesions in a patient with mycosis fungoides
Gold vasculitis
A painlessly enlarging scalp nodule. Eccrine acrospiroma
Xanthomatosis, associated with multiple myeloma
Scleredema adultorum of Buschke and diabetes mellitus
Lessons From Massachusetts: Cost Remains a Hurdle for Those With Public Insurance
Chronic papular dermatitis of the scrotum due to Schistosoma mansoni
Pellagra and the carcinoid syndrome
Cicatricial pemphigoid and rheumatoid arthritis
Syphilis serology today
Letter: Calcaneal petechiae
Congenital bullous ichthyosiform erythroderma. Epidermolytic hyperkeratosis--treatment with methotrexate
Bulky, benign tumor of the external auditory canal
Q-switched ruby laser irradiation of normal human skin. Histologic and ultrastructural findings
Azaribine therapy for psoriasis. Evaluation of potential effects on the liver and other organ systems
Canestick lesion of vellus hair in Netherton's syndrome
Columnar epidermal necrosis. A special form of toxic epidermal reaction?
Mule spinner's disease
Topical application of isotretinoin gel improves oral lichen planus. A double-blind study
Childhood localized vulvar pemphigoid is a true variant of bullous pemphigoid
The use and abuse of immunosuppressive agents in dermatology
Immunopathologic study of herpes gestationis in mother and infant
Acupuncture in Patients With Chronic Low Back Pain: A Randomized Controlled Trial
Photosensitive livedo reticularis
Treatment of noninfectious sebaceous cysts by the pressing method
Pyodermite vegetante of Hallopeau. Immunofluorescence studies performed in an early disease stage
Pathologic quiz case 1
Syphilis and biologic false positive reactors among leprosy patients
Pathologic quiz case 2
Mucha-Habermann's disease
Bullous sclerodermalike changes in chronic graft-vs-host disease
Pseudo-Kaposi's sarcoma of the hand associated with an acquired, iatrogenic arteriovenous fistula
Paget's disease in metastatic breast carcinoma
A simple stain for rapid office diagnosis of fungus infections of the skin
Treating keloids by surgery and methotrexate
Steroid sulfatase, X-linked ichthyosis, and stratum corneum cell cohesion
The sign of Leser-Trelat. Report of a case with adenocarcinoma of the duodenum
Borderline lepromatous leprosy
Letter: Glycogen turnover in epidermis
Erythema gyratum repens
Hair follicle structures targeted by antibodies in patients with alopecia areata
Metallothionein gene regulation in Menkes' syndrome
Incidence of skin carcinoma after renal transplantation
A severe bullous eruption occurring in a patient with chronic active hepatitis and glomerulonephritis
Cylindroma and eccrine spiradenoma coexistent in the same lesion
Topical clindamycin in acne vulgaris. Safety and stability
Aneurysm of the superficial temporal artery
Dyskeratosis congenita in a girl simulating chronic graft-vs-host disease
Umbilical pilonidal sinus
Differences in age and body site distribution of the histological subtypes of basal cell carcinoma. A possible indicator of differing causes
Treatment of chronic urticaria with ketotifen
Update: Perinatally Acquired HIV/AIDS—United States, 1997
Secondary hyperparathyroidism in patients with ichthyosis is not caused by vitamin D deficiency or ingestion of retinoids
Failure of oral inosiplex treatment of recurrent herpes simplex virus infections
Concurrent methotrexate and etretinate therapy for psoriasis
Actinic granuloma. A clinical, histopathologic, and immunocytochemical study
Ultrastructure of eccrine cystadenoma. A case report
Persistent painful plantar masses. Epithelioma cuniculatum
The Safety and Efficacy of Tazarotene Gel, a Topical Acetylenic Retinoid, in the Treatment of Psoriasis
Granuloma (? cause)
Bridging the gap. Notes of a wart watcher
The presence of benzocaine in sunscreens containing glyceryl PABA (Escalol 106)
Intranuclear inclusions in milker's nodules
Gonorrhea
Enoxaparin Outcomes in Patients With Moderate Renal Impairment
Association of cicatricial pemphigoid and rheumatoid arthritis
Percutaneous absorption of hydrocortisone increases with long-term administration. In vivo studies in the rhesus monkey
A child with erythematous and hyperkeratotic patches. Erythrokeratodermia variabilis
Psoriatic arthritis. New types, new treatments
Isoniazid-induced acne and pellagra. Occurrence in slow inactivators of isoniazid
Cutaneous manifestations of trichloroethylene toxicity
New therapies for cutaneous T-cell lymphoma
Pustular patch test reactions in atopic dermatitis
Thrombocytopenia in the neonatal lupus syndrome
Perioral dermatitis and Candida albicans
Treatment of servere psoriasis with pyrimethamine
Letter: Nomenclature of erythropoietic protoporphyria
A plasma porphyrin fluorescence marker for variegate porphyria
The cutaneous punch by Edward L. Keyes (J Cutan Genitourin Dis, March 1887)
Syringoma limited to the vulva
Striae
Pseudoxanthoma elasticum with generalized cutaneous laxity
Release of markedly increased quantities of prostaglandin D2 from the skin in vivo in humans following the application of sorbic acid
Hypodermitis sclerodermiformis. Successful treatment with ultrasound
N-alkanes in the skin. Function or fancy?
Letter: Pincer and trumpet nails
Pityriasis rubra pilaris vs psoriasis
Capillaritis in an infant
Pigmentation of osteoma cutis caused by tetracycline
Topical vitamin E as a cause of erythema multiforme-like eruption
Green hair: treatment with a penicillamine shampoo
The cost-effectiveness of primary care. A myth or a reality?
Low-dose alternate-day prednisone for persistent Wells' syndrome
Metastatic squamous cell carcinoma of the lip. Occurrence in blacks with discoid lupus erythematosus
Inoculation of a cultured autologous epidermal suspension containing melanocytes in vitiligo
Metastasis of colon carcinoma to the lip
Potential roles of fibronectin in cutaneous wound repair
Lack of Association Between Aphthous Ulcers and Helicobacter pylori
Treatment of recalcitrant leg ulcers in cryoglobulinemia types I and II with plasmapheresis
Epstein-Barr virus. A serial killer or an innocent bystander?
Report on ultraviolet light sources. Report by the task force on photobiology of the national program for dermatology
Topical steroids and UV radiation in psoriasis
Multiple palmar basal cell epitheliomas in basal cell nevus syndrome
Scleredema adultorum associated with a monoclonal gammopathy and generalized hyperpigmentation
Vesicular lesions in adults due to echovirus 11 infections
Nodulocystic acne as a phenotypic feature of the XYY genotype
Lack of efficacy of a barrier cream in preventing rhus dermatitis
Editorial: The dermatology foundation
Unusual reaction to chlorambucil in a patient with chronic lymphocytic leukemia
Plasma cell cheilitis
Photochemotherapy of generalized granuloma annulare
BCG vaccine-induced lupus vulgaris
An immunohistochemical and ultrastructural study of an unusual case of multiple non-X histiocytoma
Dermatologic surgery. Its influence on dermatology
Long-standing eczematous anogenital plaque. Langerhans' cell histiocytosis LCH (histiocytosis X)
Letter: Melanization and therapy for psoriasis
Scleroderma and the structural basis of skin compliance
Stressful Life Events as Potential Triggers of Pemphigus
A progressive asymptomatic hyperpigmented papular eruption. Confluent and reticulated papillomatosis (CRP) of Gougerot and Carteaud
Successful treatment of generalized discoid skin lesions with azathioprine
Effect of investigator bias on clinical trials
Pemphigus vulgaris of esophageal mucosa
Contact hypersensitivity to a perfume material, Costus Absolute. The role of sesquiterpene lactones
Target blue nevi
alpha1-Antitrypsin deficiency associated with persistent cutaneous vasculitis. Occurrence in a child with liver disease
Treatment of psoriasis with long-wave ultraviolet light
An observational study of isotretinoin recipients treated for acne in a health maintenance organization
Single-site infection with Trichophyton mentagrophytes and herpes simplex virus
Palisaded encapsulated neuromas. A clinicopathologic study
Spider bite with lymphangitic streaking. Brown or violin spider bite with atypical features
Mast cells, neutrophils, and eosinophils in prurigo nodularis
Human papillomavirus-16 DNA in a cutaneous invasive cancer
Chemotherapy-induced eccrine squamous syringometaplasia. A distinctive eruption in patients receiving hematopoietic progenitor cells
Purple erythematous plaques on the face and left arm. Chromomycosis
Fox-Fordyce disease. Control with tretinoin cream
Lymphomas during long-term methotrexate therapy
Diagnostic Accuracy of Fractional Flow Reserve From Anatomic CT Angiography
Infections caused by achloric algae (protothecosis)
The distribution of IgA pemphigus antigen in human skin and the role of IgA anti-cell surface antibodies in the induction of intraepidermal acantholysis
Skin ultrastructure in Hand-Schuller-Christian disease. Report on abnormal Langerhans' cells
Letter: A chilling thought
Nodular fasciitis on the palm of a child
Cutaneous shigellosis
Measuring Stroke Care and Quality in Routine Data Sets
Skin cancer control in Australia. The balance between primary prevention and early detection
Recurrent basal cell carcinoma treated with radiation therapy
Two types of wrinkles in aged persons
Comparison of Physician-, Biomarker-, and Symptom-Based Strategies for Adjustment of Inhaled Corticosteroid Therapy in Adults With Asthma
Leg ulcers following subcutaneous injection of a liquid silicone preparation
Extramedullary hemopoiesis of the skin
Neonatal curettage of giant congenital melanocytic nevi
Waldenstrom macroglobulinemia with an IgM-kappa antiepidermal basement membrane zone antibody
Superficial ulcerating necrobiosis in rheumatoid arthritis. A variant of the necrobiosis lipoidica-rheumatoid nodule spectrum?
Pathology quiz case 3. Lichen myxedematosus (scleromyxedema)
Tender nodules on the legs. Subcutaneous fat necrosis; associated pancreatitis
Recurrent genital herpes simplex infection. A trivial disorder
The use of technetium Tc 99m medronate scintigraphy as a prognostic guide in childhood dermatomyositis
Contact urticaria due to sensitivity to spray starch
Multiple pruritic purple plaques. Cutaneous sporotrichosis
Bilateral Descemet Membrane Detachment Following Cataract Surgery
Incontinentia pigmenti. Evidence for both neutrophil and lymphocyte dysfunction
Sunscreens for cancer prevention
Effects of 0.1% retinoic acid on Bateman's actinic purpura
Crusted Scarring Plaques on the Upper Part of the Back
Neurofibromatosis associated with malignant neurofibromas
A critical look at therapy for the brown recluse spider bite
Lesions caused by canine ear mites
Navigating the Storm That Is Contributing to Health Disparities
Pseudofolliculitis diathesis
Socioeconomic status and attitudes of 51 patients with giant basal and squamous cell carcinoma and paired controls
Disseminated cutaneous herpes simplex infection in cutaneous T-cell lymphoma
Fatal cutaneous necrosis mimicking calciphylaxis in a patient with type 1 primary hyperoxaluria
Jejunoileal bypass and psoriasis
Electron microscopical and biochemical analysis of colloid milium
The Next Generation of Obesity Research
A case of malignant melanoma in AIDS-related complex
Apolipoprotein E phenotypes, lipoprotein composition, and xanthelasmas
Controlling HIV/AIDS
Emphysema
Pityriasis rubra pilaris and cyclosporine
Coumarin-induced skin necrosis
Topical lomustine in the treatment of psoriasis
Photoallergic contact dermatitis to musk ambrette. Histopathologic features of photobiologic reactions observed in a persistent light reactor
Treatment of malignant carcinoid syndrome with a long-acting somatostatin analogue
Leukocytoclastic vasculitis in hairy cell leukemia (leukemic reticuloendotheliosis)
Chemotherapy-induced transverse white lines in the fingernails
Thiazide diuretic therapy and chronic photosensitivity
Lymphoma and gammopathy
Paul Crossland, MD. (1904-1968)
Keratinocytes as a target for gene therapy. Sustained production of erythropoietin in mice by human keratinocytes transduced with an adenoassociated virus vector
Percutaneous absorption following topical application of neomycin
Partial Recovery of Peristalsis After Myotomy for Achalasia: Rethinking the Rule
An Ulcerating Nodule on the Arm
Delayed hypersensitivity in ampicillin-induced toxic epidermal necrolysis
Laser treatment of multiple glomangiomas: progress report 13 years after treatment
Low dose recombinant interferon alfa treatment for classic Kaposi's sarcoma
Preoperative characterization of pigmented skin lesions by epiluminescence microscopy and high-frequency ultrasound
Hyperpigmentation following the use of bleaching creams. Localized exogenous ochronosis
Lightly pigmented facial papules of variable size. Tuberous sclerosis complex (TSC)
Location of proliferating cells in human epidermis
Overexpression of p53 tumor suppressor protein in porokeratosis
A new approach to the reduction of sebum secretion
Inocoterone and acne. The effect of a topical antiandrogen: results of a multicenter clinical trial
Elastosis perforans serpiginosa and other complications
Ulcerated plaque and nodules on the thigh of a patient with febrile pulmonary disease. A lymphomatoid granulomatosis (Liebow)
Congenital nevomelanocytic nevi. Histologic patterns in the first year of life and evolution during childhood
Hair growth therapy(ies) for androgenetic alopecia
Pemphigus vulgaris treated with cyclophosphamide
Letter: Mercury allergy and patch testing
Bullae in comatose patients
Letter: Vitamin E treatment of dermolytic bullous dermatoses
Postproctoscopic periorbital purpura. Primary systemic amyloidosis
Epidermal melanocytes in eruptive xanthomas. An ultrastructural study
Basaloid follicular hamartoma: a histologic diagnosis with diverse clinical presentations
Possible functional impairment of Langerhans' cells in vitiliginous skin. Reduced ability to elicit dinitrochlorobenzene contact sensitivity reaction and decreased stimulatory effect in the allogeneic mixed skin cell lymphocyte culture reaction
Nose sign of exfoliative dermatitis: a possible mechanism
Local anesthesia obtained via iontophoresis as an aid to shave biopsy
Letter: Nonallergic reaction after aqueous procaine penicillin G
Comparison of Responses of Tattoos to Picosecond and Nanosecond Q-Switched Neodymium:YAG Lasers
Letter: Lymphangiectasis due to scleroderma
Transitional cell carcinoma of the urinary tract presenting with a cutaneous metastasis
Ineffectiveness of trioxsalen as an oral photosensitizer
Purple depressions on the trunk and extremities. Atrophoderma of Pasini and Pierini
Familial koilonychia. A current case history
Helminth Infections and HIV
New world leishmaniasis. Serologic aids to diagnosis
Chronic cellulitis, left ear
Verrucae vulgaris rejection. A preliminary study of contact dermatitis and cellular immunity response
Focal dermal hypoplasia (Goltz's syndrome)
Cutaneous macroglobulinosis. A case report with unique ultrastructural findings
Diminished immune response in sun-damaged skin
Immunohistochemistry of port-wine stains and normal skin with endothelium-specific antibodies PAL-E, anti-ICAM-1, anti-ELAM-1, and anti-factor VIIIrAg
Transient intraepidermal bullous reaction after skin graft for toxic epidermal necrolysis. Ultrastructural and immunohistochemical features similar to those of inherited epidermolysis bullosa simplex
Epidermolysis bullosa simplex responding to isotretinoin
Immunopathogenesis of psoriasis. The road from bench to bedside is a 2-way street
Disseminate and recurrent infundibulofolliculitis
Retinoids in the treatment of cutaneous sarcoidosis
Muciparous epidermal tumor
Familial progressive hyperpigmentation
Bilateral jawline nodules in a child with a brain-stem glioma. Poststeroid panniculitis
Papular protothecosis of the chest. Immunologic evaluation and treatment with a combination of oral tetracycline and topical amphotericin B
Recognition of Lyme in Time: Comment on “Infecting the Electrocardiogram”
Effect of sodium salicylate and indomethacin on methotrexate-serum albumin binding
Do Not Resuscitate
Paecilomyces lilacinus cellulitis in an immunocompromised patient
Female Genital Mutilation
Erythema multiforme and hepatitis B immunization
Commentary: the cutaneous punch
Leg dermatitis. Dermatitis at vein graft site
Managed care in California. Daunting new realities for dermatology and academic medicine
A multicenter study on the use of pulsed low-intensity direct current for healing chronic stage II and stage III decubitus ulcers
Action spectra of lupus erythematosus and experimental immunofluorescence
Cutaneous hypoxia in patients with systemic sclerosis (scleroderma)
Madajet artifacts
Acne in an irradiated area
Faster healing and less pain in skin biopsy sites treated with an occlusive dressing
Anthony C. Cipollaro, M.D. 1900-1975
Fetal Alcohol Exposure
Localized facial flushing in infancy. Auriculotemporal nerve (Frey) syndrome
Multiple tender, erythematous subcutaneous nodules on the lower extremities. Membranous fat necrosis
Unusual manifestation of metastatic uterine leiomyosarcoma
Lymphomatoid papulosis occurring in a renal transplant patient
Benoxaprofen improves psoriasis. A double-blind study
Playing the Odds
Dermal dopa-positive cells in lichen planus
ACOs—Promise, Not Panacea
The effect of 13-cis-retinoic acid on sebaceous glands
Big Hearts
Photopigmentation with trioxsalen
Urticarial vasculitis progressing to systemic lupus erythematosus
Digitate dermatosis. A new look at symmetrical, small plaque parapsoriasis
Molluscum contagiosum. Eruption following treatment with prednisone and methotrexate
Umbilical endometrioma (silent type)
Recurrent erythematous nodule on the sole of the foot. Recurrent pyogenic granuloma
Hypomelanosis of Ito ("incontinentia pigmenti achromians"). Report of three cases and review of the literature
Porphyria cutanea tarda
Apocrine gland adenoma and adenocarcinoma of the axilla
Risk factors for melanoma incidence in prospective follow-up. The importance of atypical (dysplastic) nevi
Epidermolysis bullosa acquisita. The search for identity
Segmental neurofibromatosis
Letter: Reaction to aqueous procaine penicillin G
Subcutaneous nodules and hypercalcemia in an infant. Subcutaneous fat necrosis of the newborn
Desipramine-induced blue-gray photosensitive pigmentation
Molecular diagnosis of lymphocytic infiltrates of the skin
Alopecia mucinosa
Keratosis punctate
Oxaprozin-induced pseudoporphyria
Castellani's paint without fuchsin
Immune response to gamma-irradiated injectable human amnion and human skin collagens in the rat
Proceedings: Depigmentation caused by a phenolic detergent-germicide
Palpable migratory arciform erythema. Clinical morphology, histopathology, immunohistochemistry, and response to treatment
Postirradiation malignant fibrous histiocytoma
Low-dosage cytarabine therapy for herpes zoster with pneumonia
Pemphigus Foliaceus Induced by Psoralen-UV-A
Fluorouracil: mechanism of action in human skin and actinic keratoses. I. Effect on DNA synthesis in vivo
Ulcerative sarcoidosis. Report of an unusual case
Generalized normolipemic plane xanthoma. New observations and long-range follow-up
Acrodermatitis enteropathica in a patient with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Age distribution of Spitz nevus vs malignant melanoma
Treatment of psoriasis with 6-aminonicotinamide
Epstein-Barr virus-associated lymphoproliferative disease during methotrexate therapy for psoriasis
A distinctive variant of pernio. Clinical and histopathologic study of nine cases
Calvin Jackson Dillaha, MD.--1924 to 1969
Tyrosinase-positive melanocyte distribution and induction of pigmentation in human piebald skin
Cast dermatitis due to formaldehyde sensitivity
Letter: Granuloma intertriginosum infantum (granuloma glutaeale infantum)
Postgranulomatous anetoderma associated with Takayasu's arteritis in a child
Letter: False-negative reaction to patch testing with volatile compounds
Pigmented Bowen's disease
Malignant atrophic papulosis
Changes in Direct-to-Consumer Pharmaceutical Advertising Following Shifts From Prescription-Only to Over-the-Counter Status
Circulating activated T lymphocytes in autoeczematization
"Acid skin" in black patients
Treating friction blisters with alkyl- -cyanoacrylates
Metastatic Crohn's disease. Report of 3 cases with special reference to histopathologic findings
The nail in lichen planus
Photodynamic Therapy in Dermatology
Linear IgA bullous dermatosis related to lithium carbonate
Psychosomatic concepts in dermatology. A dermatologist-psychoanalyst's viewpoint
Somatostatin analogue scintigraphy. A simple and sensitive method for the in vivo visualization of Merkel cell tumors and their metastases
Supratherapeutic Dosing of Acetaminophen Among Hospitalized Patients
Organizing your brain and your practice for survival
Survey of malpractice claims in dermatology
Cutaneous leukocytoclastic vasculitis. Serial histopathologic evaluation demonstrates the dynamic nature of the infiltrate
Generalized pruritic psoriasiform lesions. Scabies
Effect of isotretinoin on serum levels of precursor and peripherally derived androgens in patients with acne
A case of primary cutaneous cryptococcosis successfully treated with miconazole
Pili trianguli et canaliculi: a nonfamilial case with eyebrow and eyelash involvementment
Antinuclear antibodies in lupus erythematosus
Morphologic changes in epidermis of PUVA-treated patients with psoriasis with or without a history of arsenic therapy
Vitiligo and juvenile diabetes mellitus
Identification of Mycobacterium tuberculosis DNA in five different types of cutaneous lesions by the polymerase chain reaction
Hidradenoma papilliferum of the eyelid
Pseudolymphoma?
Congenital giant cellular blue nevus resulting in dystocia
The Value of Community Health Workers
Alopecia with fibrous dysplasia and osteomas of skin. A sign of polyostotic fibrous dysplasia
Professional ethics and managed care in dermatology
Golfer's nails
Topical mechlorethamine. Cutaneous changes in patients with mycosis fungoides after its administration
Editorial abbreviations
Malignant neoplasms and the Leser-Trelat sign
Pulmonary carcinoma and provocative sweat testing
Tape treatment of fiberglass splinters
Woronoff ring during anthralin therapy for psoriasis
Recent Trends in Childhood Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder
Dermatologic signs in anorexia nervosa and bulimia nervosa
Diagnosis of scabies
Junctional epidermolysis bullosa and pyloric atresia in two siblings
Epidemic scabies
What every dermatologist should know about homeopathy
Ganglioneuroma of the skin
The familial occurrence of bullous mastocytosis (diffuse cutaneous mastocytosis)
Failure of erythromycin to cure secondary syphilis in a patient infected with the human immunodeficiency virus
Urticaria. An updated review
Immunoglobulins in the larynx in systemic lupus erythematosus
Posterior Cingulate Glucose Metabolism, Hippocampal Glucose Metabolism, and Hippocampal Volume in Cognitively Normal, Late-Middle-Aged Persons at 3 Levels of Genetic Risk for Alzheimer Disease
Blood transfusions and graft-vs-host disease
The potential hazards of dinitrochlorobenzene
Peculiar persistent pruritic affection of the skin
Pathology quiz case 2
Pathology quiz case 1
Pacinian neurofibroma
The importance of the basic classifications of skin flaps
Metabolic predisposition to cutaneous adverse drug reactions. Role in toxic epidermal necrolysis caused by sulfonamides and anticonvulsants
Drug-induced pseudolymphoma and hypersensitivity syndrome. Two different clinical entities
Propyl gallate-contact sensitization and orally-induced tolerance
Malignant external otitis
Cutaneous involvement in Lennert's lymphoma
Follicular purpuric macules of the extremities. Scurvy
Steatocystoma simplex. A solitary steatocystoma
Erythroderma, hypogammaglobulinemia, and T-cell lymphocytosis. Occurrence following therapy with phenytoin
Violaceous nodules on the arm of a child with acute lymphocytic leukemia. Primary cutaneous aspergillosis (Aspergillus flavus)
Widespread annular erythematous plaques. Multibacillary leprosy
Pseudopili annulati; an unusual variant of normal hair
Health care corporations
Buffered glutaraldehyde solution for warts
Multiple facial angiofibromas and collagenomas in patients with multiple endocrine neoplasia type 1
Bullous pemphigoid-like lesions induced by phenacetin. Report of a case and an immunopathologic study
Topical clindamycin formulations for the treatment of acne vulgaris. An evaluation
Cutaneous and subcutaneous endarteritis obliterans
Systemic sensitization to ethanol by transdermal estrogen patches
Leukocytoclastic vasculitis
Lymphocytotoxicity in recurrent aphthous stomatitis. Lymphocytotoxicity for oral epithelial cells in recurrent aphthous stomatitis and Bechet syndrome
Middermal elastolysis in an elderly man with evidence of elastic fiber phagocytosis
Basosquamous cell carcinoma with leptomeningeal carcinomatosis
Characterization of the dermal infiltrate in human immunodeficiency virus-infected patients with psoriasis
Mycosis fungoides, chemotherapy, and second malignant neoplasms
Prolidase deficiency: its dermatological manifestations and some additional biochemical studies
Recovery processes during regression of plane warts
A report of two patients with lichen aureus
On science, scaling, and support
Acquired clubbing of the great toenail. Digital mucoid cyst (pseudocyst)
Simultaneous occurrence of Kaposi's sarcoma and Cryptococcus within a cutaneous lesion in a patient with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Infections with Myocbacterium marinum
Letter: Iodide-induced immunofluorescence in dermatitis herpetiformis
Cell-mediated and IgE-mediated immune responses in atopic dermatitis
Lasers in dermatology--1993
Familial pityriasis rubra pilaris
Cutaneous mucinosis of infancy
A human model of coal tar acne
Nonhealing masses of the right cheek and submandibular areas. Cervicofacial actinomycosis
Protection factor of sunscreens to monochromatic radiation
Oral psoralen with UV-A therapy releases circulating growth factor(s) that stimulates cell proliferation
Local changes at the site of pentazocine injection
Pilar sheath acanthoma
Tendency of fluorouracil to conceal deep foci of invasive basal cell carcinoma
Disseminate and recurrent infundibulo-folliculitis
Pruritic skin lesions. A common initial presentation of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Autosomal recessive prolidase deficiency. Three patients with recalcitrant ulcers
Methotrexate and etretinate as concurrent therapies in the treatment of psoriasis
Reflex sympathetic dystrophy. Occurrence of inflammatory skin lesions in patients with stages II and III disease
Skin as the site of vitamin D synthesis and target tissue for 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3. Use of calcitriol (1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3) for treatment of psoriasis
Psoriasiform dermatitis in a cachectic man. Acrokeratosis paraneoplastica (Bazex' syndrome)
EDTA: preservative dermatitis
Pruritic erythematous linear plaques on the neck and back. "Flagellate" erythema secondary to bleomycin therapy
Xeroderma pigmentosum. A prototype disease of environmental-genetic interaction
Multiple basal cell carcinoma and internal malignant tumors
Acute pancreatitis associated with long-term azathioprine therapy. Occurrence in a patient with systemic lupus erythematosus
Parapoxvirus infections acquired after exposure to wildlife
Vasodilator rosacea
Somatostatin and a long-acting analogue, octreotide acetate. Relevance to dermatology
Papular eruption in black men
Tissue culture of Kaposi's sarcoma
Soft nails after treatment with aromatic retinoids
Association of herpes simplex virus-induced erythema multiforme with the human leukocyte antigen DQw3
Calcified and ossified subcutaneous plaques
Sclerosing agents in the treatment of telangiectasia. Comparison of the clinical and histologic effects of intravascular polidocanol, sodium tetradecyl sulfate, and hypertonic saline in the dorsal rabbit ear vein model
Langerhans' cells density and morphology
Dermatology Foundation 1980
E. Ratcliffe Anderson, MD, Is New EVP of AMA
Dysplastic nevus in histologic contiguity with acquired nonfamilial melanoma. Clinicopathologic experience in a 100-bed hospital
Infection, dermatitis, increased IgE, and impaired neutrophil chemotaxis. A possible relationship
Transepithelial elimination of suture material
The management of congenital melanocytic nevi
Methotrexate and etretinate as concurrent therapies in severe psoriasis
Flashless office macro photography
Urticaria pigmentosa and acute lymphoblastic leukemia
Indications for future studies on the treatment of pemphigus with plasmapheresis
Acquired fibrokeratoma of the heel
Toxic alopecia from ingestion of boric acid
Heparin-induced cutaneous necrosis unrelated to injection sites. A sign of potentially lethal complications
Harlequin ichthyosis. Variability in expression and hypothesis for disease mechanism
Telangiectasia
New tool for dermabrasion
Search for Streptococcus
Hypothyroidism and lichen myxoedematosus
Blockade of carcinoid flush with cimetidine and clonidine
Multiple mesoectodermal defects in an infant. Focal dermal hypoplasia syndrome, or Goltz' syndrome
Transcutaneous determination of tissue dihematoporphyrin ether content. A device to optimize photodynamic therapy
Editorial: Diet plan for patients with salicylate-induced urticaria
Regrowth of alopecia areata simulating the pattern of androgenetic alopecia
Bullous congenital ichthyosiform erythroderma
Toxic reaction from topically applied doxepin in a child with eczema
Ichthyosis, exocrine pancreatic insufficiency, impaired neutrophil chemotaxis, growth retardation, and metaphyseal dysplasia
Q-switched ruby laser treatment of minocycline-induced cutaneous hyperpigmentation
Leukocytoclastic vasculitis following staphylococcal protein A column immunoadsorption therapy. Two cases and a review of the literature
Availability of DMAA Supplements Despite US Food and Drug Administration Action
Erythema gyratum repens with metastatic adenocarcinoma
Negative immunoperoxidase staining for lysozyme in nodular subepidermal fibrosis
Disseminated granuloma annulare treated with low-dose chlorambucil
Skin changes secondary to hydroxyurea therapy
The treatment of bullous pemphigoid with tetracycline and niacinamide. A preliminary report
Aberrant immunophenotypes in mycosis fungoides
Hospitalization for skin disease improves quality of life
Polymorphic pemphigoid
Human herpesvirus 8 DNA sequences in blistering skin from patients with pemphigus
Cutaneous and venereal diseases seen at a drug-orientated youth clinic
Dermatological drug development
Lymphocyte subsets and Langerhans' cells in toxic epidermal necrolysis. Report of a case
Autosomal recessive transmission of neuroectodermal syndrome
Regarding poriferal immunology
Nevoid basal cell carcinoma of the palm
Nutritional management in the child with epidermolysis bullosa
Epidermolysis bullosa acquisita with negative direct immunofluorescence
Etretinate: do we need it?
Acute paronychia apparently caused by Candida albicans in a healthy female
Patient referrals to a dermatologist. The referring physician's perspective
Microscopically controlled surgery for carcinomas in patients with nevoid basal cell carcinoma syndrome
Bromoderma
Specific dermatoses of pregnancy. Toward a comprehensive view?
Frequency of skin lesions in chronic drinkers
Fine-needle aspiration biopsy of mycosis fungoides presenting as an ulcerating breast mass
Atopic dermatitis and tuberculin reactivitiy
Cost-effectiveness and Cost-Benefit Analysis of Using Methotrexate vs Goeckerman Therapy for Psoriasis
Cutaneous cryptococcosis. A sentinel of disseminated disease
Comparative Risk for Angioedema Associated With the Use of Drugs That Target the Renin-Angiotensin-Aldosterone System
Cystic chromomycosis caused by Wangiella dermatitidis
From basket weave to barrier. Unifying concepts for the pathogenesis of the disorders of cornification
Lichen pilaris actinica
Infantile acropustulosis. A clinicopathologic study of six cases
Pretibial mucin. Histologic patterns and clinical correlation
Toxic pustuloderma following carbamazepine therapy
Eczematous plaques in a patient with liver failure. Fat-soluble vitamin K hypersensitivity
bcl-2 expression in melanocytic nevi. Insights into the biology of dermal maturation
Lindane toxicity
Trouble Letting Go: Hoarders
Skin Cancer Knowledge and Skin Self-examinations in the Hispanic Population of North Carolina: The Patient's Perspective
Multiple cutaneous neuromas
Acral persistent papular mucinosis: a new entity
Academic dermatology in a changing health care environment
Letter: Chlorpromazine photosensitivity
Episodic nontoxic erythema
Tanning without sunburn with aminobenzoic acid-type sunscreen
Tape dermatitis associated with acquired zinc deficiency
Tretinoin accelerates healing after trichloroacetic acid chemical peel
Mycophenolic acid for psoriasis
Leukocyte colony-stimulating factors. A review of associated neutrophilic dermatoses and vasculitides
Lentigo maligna of the head and neck. Results of treatment by radiotherapy
19-DEJ-1, a monoclonal antibody to the hemidesmosome-anchoring filament complex, is the only reliable immunohistochemical probe for all major forms of junctional epidermolysis bullosa
Palpable purpura associated with Corynebacterium jeikeium endocarditis
Unusual cells in lupus erythematosus bullae
HLA antigens in lichen sclerosus et atrophicus
Epidermal hyperplasia with or without atypia in patients exposed to mustard gas
Staphylococcal infections and the pruritus of AIDS-related complex
Erythema dyscromicum perstans
Evaluation of a Sphere-Templated Polymeric Scaffold as a Subcutaneous Implant
Erythrokeratodermia variabilis
Autoimmune progesterone dermatitis of pregnancy
Passive transfer of autoantibodies from a patient with mutilating epidermolysis bullosa acquisita induces specific alterations in the skin of neonatal mice
Ultraviolet-laser ablation of skin
Cowden's disease associated with immunodeficiency
New-Generation Drug-Eluting Stents for Patients With Myocardial Infarction
Recent developments in the pathogenesis of allergic contact dermatitis
Skin tags do not contain cutaneous nerves
The sign of Leser-Trelat in a young man
Zosteriform porokeratosis of Mibelli
Nicotinamide and tetracycline therapy of bullous pemphigoid
Primary acquired agammaglobulinemia, with granulomas of the skin and internal organs
Loose anagen hair
Enlarging ulcerated tumor on the back. Eccrine sweat gland carcinoma (SGC)--metastatic
Penile venereal edema
Allergic contact hypersensitivity to nickel, neomycin, ethylenediamine, and benzocaine. Relationships between age, sex, history of exposure, and reactivity to standard patch tests and use tests in a general population
Erosive myiasis
Epidermoid cysts with seborrheic verruca-like cyst walls
Perforating granuloma annular and scleritis
Early detection of melanoma metastasis using fludeoxyglucose F 18 positron emission tomography
Cutaneous leukocytoclastic vasculitis. Clinical and laboratory features of 82 patients seen in private practice
Histopathologic findings in cutaneous lupus erythematosus
Local therapies for cutaneous Kaposi's sarcoma in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Anthralin inhibits elevated levels of thioredoxin reductase in psoriasis. A new mode of action for this drug
Subacute disseminated lupus erythematosus
Systematized hypochromic nevus. Incontinentia pigmenti achromians of Ito
Primary cutaneous adenoid cystic carcinoma
Vulvar erythema. Vulvitis chronica plasmacellularis (Zoon's vulvitis)
Allergic hypersensitivity to neomycin. Relationship between patch test reactions and 'use' tests
Trichophyton simii infection in the United States not traceable to India
Interface dermatitis. How specific are its histopathologic features?
Skin lesions induced by penicillamine. Occurrence in a patient with hepatolenticular degeneration (Wilson Disease)
Topical minoxidil in the treatment of alopecia areata and male-pattern alopecia
Multivariate risk score for recurrence of cutaneous basal cell carcinomas
Allergic and photoallergic dermatitis from diphenhydramine
Interrelationship between water-barrier and reservoir functions of pathologic stratum corneum
Multiple benign juvenile melanoma
Partial spontaneous regression of Bowen's disease
Detection of human papillomavirus type 16 in bowenoid papulosis and invasive carcinoma occurring in the same patient with a history of cervical carcinoma
Letter: Halo nevi of scalp with poliosis
Treatment of Mycobacterium marinum infections with minocycline
Unilateral nevoid telangiectasia
Lichen planus pemphigoides. Immunofluorescence findings
Criteria for systemic lupus erythematosus
Acid-fast bacteria in scleroderma and morphea
Adequate follow-up for treated basal cell carcinoma
Ocular inflammation in patients using soft contact lenses
Cryosurgery in skin cancer
Dermatologic training and practice in Thailand
Vesiculopustules of the thighs and abdomen. Subcorneal pustular dermatosis (Sneddon-Wilkinson disease)
Dermatological application of cyclosporine
Birth defects caused by isotretinoin--New Jersey
Bullous eruption in a child. Linear IgA dermatosis of childhood
Vibration syndrome. Cutaneous and systemic manifestations in a jackhammer operator
Cardiovascular Risk Assessment in the 21st Century
Annular vesiculation. Bullous tinea corporis caused by Trichophyton rubrum
Peter Flesch, MD, PhD 1915-1969
Epidermolysis bullosa letalis associated with congenital pyloric atresia
A survey of cutaneous neural lesions for the presence of myelin basic protein. An immunohistochemical study
The cutaneous manifestations of cholesterol crystal embolization
Solar purpura
Eruptive nevocytic nevi after severe bullous disease
Prognostic groups of patients with stage I melanoma
Bullous pemphigoid and antinuclear antibodies. Unmasking of basement membrane fluorescence in sodium chloride-treated substrates
Generalized rash in a Dominican immigrant. Borderline leprosy (Hansen's disease) with type 1 upgrading (ie, reversal) reaction
Pathology quiz case 1. Eccrine poroma
Vulvodynia. A multifactorial clinical problem
Neurosarcomatous malignant melanoma arising in a neuroid giant congenital melanocytic nevus
Use of methotrexate in psoriasis
Increased protocollagen proline hydroxylase activity in sclerodermatous skin
Treatment of Superficial Basal Cell Carcinoma and Squamous Cell Carcinoma In Situ With a High-Energy Pulsed Carbon Dioxide Laser
Angiolymphoid hyperplasia with eosinophilia (Kimura's disease). A case with dermal lesions in the knee region and a popliteal arteriovenous fistula
Acute tender nodules in a linear arrangement. Granulation tissue with hemorrhage
Nodulocystic infantile acne occurring in a kindred of steatocystoma
Nonhealing Neck Ulcers
Psoriatic onycho-pachydermo-periostitis. A variant of psoriatic distal interphalangeal arthritis?
Persistent light reactions from buclosamide
Frequency and morphologic characteristics of invasive melanomas lacking specific surface microscopic features
Congenital pigment formation
Update on surgical management of coronary artery disease
The treatment of plane warts
Actinic keratosis and telangiectasia
Photoaging and topical tretinoin: therapy, pathogenesis, and prevention
Letter: Ultraviolet light therapy for psoriasis
Prevalence of Pilomatricoma in Turner Syndrome
Progressive, persistent, hyperkeratotic lesions in incontinentia pigmenti
Verrucous and malodorous vegetations on the legs. Darier's disease, cornifying type
Altered production of fibronectin and collagen in hypercortisolism may inhibit tissue repair
Monoclonal antibodies: powerful new tools for the clinician
Mycosis fungoides-like lesions associated with phenytoin therapy
Perifolliculitis capitis abscedens et suffodiens (Hoffman). Complete healing associated with oral zinc therapy
Pyoderma gangrenosum and monoclonal gammopathy
Safety of pregnancy after discontinuation of isotretinoin
Exfoliative dermatitis. A clinicopathologic study of 135 cases
Cutaneous malignant melanoma and sun exposure. Recent developments in epidemiology
Mycobacterium marinum infections
Colchicine therapy in recurrent oral ulcers
Medical management of genital herpes. Advances in antiviral treatment
Photo-onycholysis due to tetracycline hydrochloride and doxycycline
Internal Nasal Valve Functional Surgery—Reply
Pimples following the "pill"
Skin markers of X-linked dominant chondrodysplasia punctata
Efficacy of ivermectin in the therapy of cutaneous larva migrans
Phenylmercuric acetate as primary irritant
Autosomal Recessive Spastic Ataxia of Charlevoix-Saguenay in the Time of Next-Generation Sequencing
Acne diet reconsidered
Adverse side-effects after topical fluorinated corticosteroid therapy
Severe infantile epidermolysis bullosa simplex. Dowling-Meara type
Antibiotic prophylaxis against bacterial endocarditis in patients undergoing dermatologic surgery
Effect of Store and Forward Teledermatology on Quality of Life
Acute papulosquamous eruption of the extremities demonstrating an isomorphic response. Inverse pityriasis rosea (PR)
Vesiculopapular eruption in an infant. Histiocytosis X
Xanthomata in primary hyperlipoproteinemia
Comparison of the Use of Standardized Diagnostic Criteria and Intuitive Clinical Diagnosis in the Diagnosis of Common Viral Warts (Verrucae Vulgaris)
Pemphigus involving the eyes
Differentiation of metastatic breast carcinoma from Stewart-Treves angiosarcoma. Use of anti-keratin and anti-desmosome monoclonal antibodies and factor VIII-related antibodies
Cuticular changes in dermatomyositis. A clinical sign
Mucocutaneous lymph node syndrome (Kawasaki's disease). A new disease remaking its debut
Bullous eruption in an infant. Bullous mastocytosis
Piebaldness with Hirschsprung's disease
Psoralens and UV-A-induced stellate hyperpigmented freckling
Patient satisfaction. Quality of care from the patients' perspective
Glaucoma induced by application of corticosteroids to the periorbital region
The Archives of Dermatology annual trainee award
Cafe au lait spots without giant pigment granules. Occurrence in suspected neurofibromatosis
Amelanotic lentigo maligna melanoma manifesting as a dermatitislike plaque
Pitted keratolysis. The role of Micrococcus sedentarius
Lichen planus
Subcorneal pustular dermatosis and crippling arthritis
Methotrexate and prednisone in pemphigus vulgaris. Therapeutic results obtained in 36 patients between 1961 and 1970
Livedo vasculitis (the vasculitis of atrophie blanche). Immunohistopathologic study
Nonmelanoma skin cancer mortality in the United States, 1969 through 1988
Autonomic innervation of the skin in primary erythermalgia
Acute febrile neutrophilic dermatosis (Sweet's syndrome). Response to dapsone
Multicentric reticulohistiocytosis: response to dexamethasone pulse therapy
Intravascular papillary endothelial hyperplasia. A benign lesion mimicking angiosarcoma
Development of photosensitivity and an SLE-like syndrome in a patient with psoriasis
Medical education for congressional aides and other governmental health policymakers
Oral lesions in pityriasis rosea
Abnormal urinary coproporphyrin levels in patients infected by hepatitis C virus with or without human immunodeficiency virus. A study of 177 patients
Solar Urticaria
Response of the epidermal melanocyte to minor trauma
Cutaneous Allergy
Inflammatory linear verrucous epidermal nevus. Epidermal protein analysis in four patients
Outbreak of injection abscesses due to Mycobacterium abscessus
Topical use of tetracycline in the treatment of acne: a double-blind study comparing topical and oral tetracycline therapy and placebo
Capillary abnormalities, Raynaud's phenomenon, and systemic sclerosis in patients with localized scleroderma
Definitive Surgical Treatment of Enterocutaneous Fistula
Bacitracin-induced anaphylaxis
Oral ulcers and cobblestone plaques. Oral Crohn's disease (CD)
Anaphylactic symptoms due to chlorhexidine gluconate
Dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans arising in a BCG vaccination scar
Chronic varicelliform parapsoriasis and hyperparathyroidism
Double-blind comparison of halcinonide and betamethasone valerate. Use with occlusive dressings in psoriasis treatment
Effect of "aminopterin" on epithelial tissues
Bacteriology of chronic leg ulcers
Pyoderma faciale. A review and report of 20 additional cases: is it rosacea?
Bullous photodermatosis after lomefloxacin
Cutaneous signs of lymphomatoid granulomatosis
To tan or not to tan
Serum angiotensin I-converting enzyme level in patients with cutaneous sarcoidal granulomas
Contact urticaria from food
Reduced histamine reaction in atopic dermatitis
Uses for immunofluorescence tests of skin and sera. Utilization of immunofluorescence in the diagnosis of bullous diseases, lupus erythematosus, and certain other dermatoses
Ibuprofen in the treatment of UV-B-induced inflammation
Superior vena cava obstruction from Merkel cell carcinoma
A peculiar case of linear IgA bullous dermatosis
Actinic keratoses: the bald facts
Adult Kawasaki syndrome
Chronic skin ulcers and the biology of skin grafts
Skin, blood, nerve cells, and heritability. New lessons from neurofibromatosis type 1
Multiple invasive squamous cell carcinomas and common variable immunodeficiency
Erythema nodosum, estrogens, and pregnancy
Parenteral methotrexate in psoriasis. A report on the efficacy and toxicity of long-term intermittent treatment
Treatment of alopecia areata
The correlation of indoor solar simulator and natural sunlight: testing of a sunscreen preparation
Acrodermatitis enteropathica. A clinical and biochemical survey
Effect of Patient Navigation on Enrollment in Cardiac Rehabilitation
Giant cell tumor of the tendon sheath involving skin
Deep atrophy of the skin of the deltoid area
Multiple acral fibrokeratomas (a variant of prurigo nodularis). Discussion of classification of acral fibrous nodules and of histogenesis of acral fibrokeratomas
Serologic markers of gluten-sensitive enteropathy in bullous diseases
Granular cell basal cell carcinoma. A distinct histopathologic entity
The cutaneous immunopathology of necrobiosis lipoidica diabeticorum
Slipped Capital Femoral Epiphysis
Antinuclear antibodies: a simplified classification of the nuclear immunofluorescent patterns
Topical v systemic agent treatment for papulopustular acne. A cost-effectiveness analysis
Ulcerating tumor involving the auricular area
A papulovesicular eruption in a man receiving chemotherapy for metastatic melanoma. Squamous syringometaplasia (squamous metaplasia) of the eccrine glands
Optimal Interval for Routine Cytologic Screening in the United States
Surgical correction of venous incompetence restores normal skin blood flow and abolishes skin hypoxia during exercise
Langerhans cells in squamous cell carcinoma
Verruciform xanthoma of the oral mucosa. Report of five cases and review of the literature
Letter: Aseptic necrosis of warts instead of lymphangitis
Richner-Hanhart syndrome spares a plantar autograft
Asymptomatic nodules on the back and abdomen. Connective tissue nevi, eruptive collagenoma type
Pruritus, Staphylococcus aureus, and human immunodeficiency virus infection
Cutaneous erythematous nodular lesion in a crab fisherman. Protothecosis
Irritant contact stomatitis in chronic renal failure
Generalized folded skin with underlying lipomatous nevus: the Michelin Tyre baby
Letter: Viral photoinactivation and oncogenesis
Epidemic Norwegian scabies
The utility of submitting fibroepithelial polyps for histological examination
Antinuclear antibodies and PUVA photochemotherapy
The role of the epidermis in the histopathogenesis of lichen planus. Histochemical correlations
Subungual glomus tumor. Radiological manifestations
Kaposi sarcoma and polymyositis
Scratch and sniff. The dynamic duo
Minocycline hydrochloride treatment for atypical acid-fast infection
Detection of hepatotoxicity associated with methotrexate therapy for psoriasis
Frequency of bullous pemphigoid-like antibodies as detected by western immunoblot analysis in pruritic dermatoses
Malignant melanoma in children. A review
Letter: Stripping technique as an aid in dark-field diagnosis of syphilis
Multicentric bowen's disease of the genitalia: spontaneous regression of lesions
Multiple oral papules in a native South American girl. Focal epithelial hyperplasia (Heck's disease)
Vestibular papillae of the vulva. Lack of evidence for human papillomavirus etiology
Occupational acroosteolysis
In memoriam. Henry E. Michelson, MD
Chronic herpes simplex in a patient with leukemia treated with parenteral vidarabine
Isotretinoin therapy for recurrent herpes simplex lesions
Lymphomatoid papulosis with eosinophilia
Variations of PUVA: Practical and Effective?
Darier's disease: an immunologic study
Pruritus and acquired anhidrosis. Two unusual cases
Localized bullous dermatitis herpetiformis
Fluorescent treponemal antibodies in fractionated syphilitic sera. The immunoglobulin class
Primary adenoid cystic carcinoma of skin
Lymphomatoid granulomatosis after immunosuppression for pemphigus
The importance of proper vehicle selection in the detection of minoxidil sensitivity
Topical methoxsalen followed immediately by long-wave UV irradiation. A preliminary report on the treatment of psoriasis
Demonstration of silicon in sites of connective-tissue disease in patients with silicone-gel breast implants
Systemic drug therapy for psoriasis. The most critical issues
Crusted papules on the arm and trunk. Walkman dermatosis, or adapter dermatosis
Changing Eating Habits for the Medical Profession
Proceedings: Histiocytosis X
Treatment of vitiligo with UV-B radiation vs topical psoralen plus UV-A
Treatment of pruritus
Facial scarring due to topical wart treatment
Our Thanks to Peer Reviewers in 2012
Allergic contact sensitivity in atopic dermatitis
Tissue stress and tumor promotion. Possible relevance to epidermolysis bullosa
Scale prophylaxis. A new antiparakeratotic assay
The epidemiology of scabies in Denmark, 1900 to 1975
Progressive fading of longitudinal melanonychia due to a nail matrix melanocytic nevus in a child
Cardiopulmonary complications in multicentric reticulohistiocytosis. Report of a case
Masked type I wheat allergy. Relation to exercise-induced anaphylaxis
Polymorphous light eruption
Florid cutaneous papillomatosis
Prognostic significance of hypopigmentation in malignant melanoma
Lymphomatoid papulosis followed by Hodgkin's lymphoma. Differential response to therapy
New Evidence for Stretching for Preventing Nocturnal Cramps
Fever and Rash Complicating a Leg Ulcer
Prevalence of onychomycosis in patients attending a dermatology clinic in northeastern Ohio for other conditions
Dermatomyositis
Myocardial Infarction and Sudden Cardiac Death in Olmsted County, Minnesota, Before and After Smoke-Free Workplace Laws
Dermal myiasis
Angiokeratoma corporis diffusum (Fabry disease). A lysosomal disease
Patch tests with killed sonicated microflora in patients with psoriasis
Bullous pemphigoid in a man and his nephew
Maintenance treatment for psoriasis
Localized herpes simplex infections in atopic dermatitis
Urticaria. An immunofluorescence and histopathology study
Extensive nevus comedonicus
Cutaneous toxicity of ibuprofen
The relationship of mild hirsutism or acne in women to androgens
Trichilemmoma
Skin and hair regeneration after calciphylaxis. Histologic changes during formation and shedding of the calciphylactic carapace of the rat
Acrokeratosis paraneoplastica (Bazex' syndrome). Report of a case and review of the literature
Hyperimmunoglobulinemia E syndrome
Psoriasis in Japan
Folie a deux. Factitious ulcers
Acne detergicans
Five cases of coexistent primary ocular and cutaneous melanoma
Histologic responses of port-wine stains treated by argon, carbon dioxide, and tunable dye lasers. A preliminary report
Reliability of indirect immunofluorescence testing
Rare presence of human herpesvirus 8 in skin tumors from patients with psoriasis treated with oral psoralen plus UV-A
Circumileostomy dermatitis
Acral erythema: graft-vs-host disease or toxicoderma?
Therapeutic efficacy of interferon alfa-2b in infants with life-threatening giant hemangiomas
Instructional objectives in dermatology
Favorable effects of plasma factor XIII on lower esophageal sphincter pressure of progressive systemic sclerosis
Spongiotic simulants of mycosis fungoides
Critical effects of intense sun exposure on the expression of epiluminescence microscopy features of acquired melanocytic nevi
Influence of oral prednisone on patch-test reactions to Rhus antigen
Trizygotic triplets and dizygotic twins in a family with psoriasis
Lymphomatoid papulosis. Development into cutaneous T-cell lymphoma
In vitro induction of basal keratinocyte MY7 antigen expression in cutaneous T-cell lymphoma is associated with response to interferon-alfa therapy
Present status of pyoderma gangrenosum. Review of 21 cases
Inflammatory linear verrucose epidermal nevus
Phacomatosis Pigmentokeratotica
Ketoconazole treatment of chronic mucocutaneous candidiasis
Detection of human T-cell lymphotrophic virus type I in archival tissue specimens
Dermal metastases from a follicular carcinoma of the thyroid
Acroangiodermatitis
Annular atrophy of the ankles. A case of partial lipodystrophy
Cutaneous acquired immunodeficiency syndrome-associated Kaposi's sarcoma in pediatric patients
Pitfalls in sunscreen application
Letter: Pigmented basal cell carcinomas
Rapid progression of lentigo maligna to deeply invasive lentigo maligna melanoma. Report of two cases
Ultrastructural studies in human orf
Atypical fibroxanthoma in a patient with xeroderma pigmentosum
Dermatomyositis, calcinosis cutis, acanthosis nigricans, and exogenous hypercortisonism
Localized cutaneous reactions to granulocyte colony-stimulating factor
Allergic contact dermatitis from tolnaftate
Yellow staining caused by 4,4'-methylenedianiline exposure. Occurrence among molded plastics workers
Full-Thickness Skin Graft Overlying a Separately Harvested Auricular Cartilage Graft for Nasal Alar Reconstruction
Isolation of Mycobacterium rhodochrous from a cutaneous lesion
'Vasoconstriction'--skin blanching--assay for glucocorticoids--a critique
Lymphocutaneous nocardiosis due to nocardia brasiliensis
Disseminated infection with Trichosporon beigelii. Report of a case and review of the cutaneous and histologic manifestations
Lupus vulgaris and Hodgkin's disease
Behcet's syndrome
Ichthyosis, mental retardation, and asymptomatic spasticity. A new neurocutaneous syndrome with normal fatty alcohol:NAD+ oxidoreductase activity
Kaposiform hemangioendothelioma. An aggressive, locally invasive vascular tumor that can mimic hemangioma of infancy
Sclerosing panniculitis. A clinicopathologic assessment
Primary inoculation with Mycobacterium marinum
Congenital erosive and vesicular dermatosis healing with reticulated supple scarring
Hercules and hydra
Lymphangiosarcoma arising from lymphangioma circumscriptum
Erythema nodosum-like eruption in a patient with probable thorium-induced bone marrow failure
Persistent bullae on the penis of an elderly man. Balanitis xerotica obliterans
A new pharmacological finding in human allergic contact eczema
Studies Probe Mechanisms That Have a Role in Obesity-Associated Morbidities
Congenital generalized follicular hamartoma associated with alopecia and cystic fibrosis in three siblings
Safety of permethrin vs lindane for the treatment of scabies
Pterygium inversum unguis-like changes in scleroderma. Report of four cases
The Oldest New Finding in Atopic Dermatitis
Porphyria cutanea tarda associated with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Tinea versicolor with regard to seborrheic dermatitis. An epidemiological investigation
Dialysis and psoriasis
Primary familial cutaneous amyloidosis. a study of HLA antigens in a Puerto Rican family
The retinoids and inflammatory bowel disease
The validity and practicality of sun-reactive skin types I through VI
Levetiracetam: A Possible New Inducer of Toxic Epidermal Necrolysis and Stevens-Johnson Syndrome in 2 Cases
Acremonium falciforme (Cephalosporium falciforme) mycetoma in a renal transplant patient
Recombinant Interleukin 2 Monotherapy for Classic Kaposi Sarcoma
Multicentric pigmented Bowen's disease of the groin
Progress in the perforating dermatoses
Incontinentia pigmenti achromians (Ito)
Ichthyosiform dermatosis and deafness. Report of a case and review of the literature
The Effectiveness of a History-Based Diagnostic Approach in Chronic Urticaria and Angioedema
Toxic epidermal necrolysis after hepatic transplantation
Nails in sarcoidosis: response to treatment
Renal metastases simulating Kaposi sarcoma. Radionuclide scanning, an aid in diagnosis and treatment planning
Alterations of cell surfaces as a pathogenetic factor in psoriasis. Possible loss of contact inhibition of growth
Sarcoidosis? Leprosy?
The role of histology in the study of leprosy
Immune Reconstitution Reactions in Human Immunodeficiency Virus–Negative Patients
Linear hypopigmentation after intra-articular corticosteroid injection
Familial progressive systemic scleroderma
Attitude toward alternative therapy, compliance with standard treatment, and need for emotional support in patients with melanoma
Dermatologists in a changing world
Porokeratosis plantaris, palmaris, et disseminata
Cutaneous mucinosis of infancy. A congenital and linear variant
Studies of common baldness of the stump-tailed macaque (Macaca speciosa). VI. The effect of testosterone on common baldness
Fibrinolytic therapy for vasculitis of atrophie blanche
Acquired dyskeratotic leukoplakia
Reactive perforating collagenosis. Experimental production of the lesion
Complete response of metastatic basal cell carcinoma to cisplatin chemotherapy: a report on two patients
Progressive vaccinia associated with combined variable immunodeficiency
Clinical appearance of a balloon cell nevus
True histiocytic lymphoma associated with dermatomyositis
Cutaneous calcinosis of scleroderma. Successful treatment with intralesional adrenal steroids
Hyperthermia in the treatment of psoriasis
The mystery of antiphospholipid antibodies in Sneddon's syndrome
Controlling Urban Epidemics of West Nile Virus Infection
Hypertrophic scarring as a complication of fluorouracil therapy
A method for the collection of human apocrine sweat
Granulomatosis disciformis chronica et progressiva with lymphadenopathy
Tropical rat mite dermatitis
Case for diagnosis: acrodermatitis enteropathica vs sebopsoriasis
An Unmeasured Harm of Screening
The dermatopathologist and human immunodeficiency virus infection
Primary acquired cold urticaria. Double-blind comparative study of treatment with cyproheptadine, chlorpheniramine, and placebo
Diaper area granuloma of the aged
Cicatricial alopecia of sarcoidosis
Ultrastructural study of a case of extramammary Paget's disease of the vulva
Atopic dermatitis and Sezary syndrome
Treatment of pyoderma gangrenosum with cyclosporine
Actinomycotic mycetoma
Noninflammatory destruction of actinic keratoses by fluorouracil
Papillomatosis corona penis
Cultural diagnosis of chancroid
A human model for assessing comedogenic substances
Ultraviolet and visible action spectrum in a case of solar urticaria
Immunofluorescent "band" test for lupus erythematosus. II. Employing skin lesions
Periorbital hyperpigmentation. An overlooked genetic disorder of pigmentation
Familial pompholyx
Dermal duct tumor: a histochemical and electron microscopic study
Health effects of sunlight exposure in the United States. Results from the first National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey, 1971-1974
Scarification treatment of granuloma annulare
Punctuate porokeratotic keratoderma
The accuracy of dermatologists in the diagnosis of melanoma
Low molecular weight dextran therapy for scleroderma. Effects of dextran 40 on blood flow and capillary filtration coefficient in scleroderma
Occlusive wound dressings. Why, when, which?
Influence of Smoking on Treatment With Clopidogrel
Recurrence After Treatment of Cutaneous Basal Cell and Squamous Cell Carcinomas in Patients Infected With Human Immunodeficiency Virus
Stevens-Johnson syndrome due to minocycline therapy
Clinical Predictive Factors of Severity in Cold Urticaria
Multiple minute digitate hyperkeratoses
Multiple areas of localized tissue loss in a child. Atrophic connective tissue panniculitis
Absence of Epstein-Barr virus in lymphomatoid papulosis. An immunohistochemical and in situ hybridization study
Azaribine for mycosis fungoides
Cutaneous porphyrialike photosensitivity after liver transplantation
Proceedings: Cylindroma
Drug names in communication by Ishibashi et al. (pyritinol)
Acral arteriolar ectasia
Anthralin toxicity
Senile venous lakes
Mechlorethamine in psoriasis. Further attempts to induce immunological tolerance
Diagnostic and therapeutic considerations for cutaneous Mycobacterium haemophilum infections
Subacute phototoxicity caused by treatment with oral psoralen plus UV-A
Alopecia areata. Immunologic studies and treatment with prednisone
Nonvenereal sclerosing lymphangitis of the penis
Hereditary acrolabial telangiectasia. A report of familial blue lips, nails, and nipples
Nevus sebaceus associated with major ophthalmologic abnormalities
Seasonality of keratoacanthoma
Generalized perforating granuloma annulare
Phototesting of patients with erythropoietic protoporphyria
Wells' syndrome. Recurrent granulomatous dermatitis with eosinophilia
Comedogenic potential of the lipid extract of Pityrosporum ovale
Pachyonychia congenita
Perforating pseudoxanthoma elasticum associated with chronic renal failure and hemodialysis
Sisaipho: a new form of presentation of alopecia areata
Improvement of the appearance of full-thickness skin grafts with dermabrasion
Seborrheic keratoses: appearance in course of exfoliative erythroderma and regression associated with histologic mononuclear cell inflammation
Onycholysis through phototoxicity
Trioxsalen vs methoxsalen in the treatment of psoriasis
Prevalence of congenital-nevus-like nevi, nevi spili, and cafe au lait spots
Snorters' warts
Rudimentary polydactyly presenting as a claw
Cutaneous manifestations of human immunodeficiency virus infection. Part II
Vitiligo. It is important
Immunohistologic studies in Schamberg's disease. Evidence for cellular immune reaction in lesional skin
Laser surgery for blue rubber bleb nevus
Metastatic Crohn's disease. Case report and review of the literature
Halo scalp ring: a cause of scarring alopecia
Cutaneous insulin reaction resembling acanthosis nigricans
[Papular lupoid rosacea (Rosacea-like tuberculoid of Lewandowsky? Miliary sardoid?).]
Solomon's epidermal nevus syndrome (type: linear nevus sebaceus) and hypophosphatemic vitamin D-resistant rickets
Calciphylaxis without renal failure
Juvenile dermatitis herpetiformis
Occupational disease statistics. In perspective
Nodular basal cell carcinoma in vivo vs in vitro. Establishment of pure cell cultures, cytomorphologic characteristics, ultrastructure, immunophenotype, biosynthetic activities, and generation of antisera
Lactobacilli vs Antibiotics to Prevent Recurrent Urinary Tract Infections: An Inconclusive, Not Inferior, Outcome—Reply
Bullous pemphigoid and other disorders associated with autoimmune phenomena
Prenatal diagnosis of genetic skin disease using fetal skin biopsy samples
Caution Urged in Ramping Up Use of Transcatheter Aortic Valve Replacement
Lichenoid photoeruptions in human immunodeficiency virus infection
Sporadic atypical mole syndrome. A report of five nonfamilial B-K mole syndrome-like cases and histopathologic findings
Human immunodeficiency virus infection and acquired immunodeficiency syndrome in the elderly
The morphologic characteristics of dry skin in atopic dermatitis
Diffuse cutaneous reticulohistiocytosis in a child with tuberous sclerosis
Acute gout secondary to psoriasis exacerbated by photochemotherapy
Lack of Data
The follicular degeneration syndrome in black patients. 'Hot comb alopecia' revisited and revised
Annular erythema of infancy
Estrogen-induced porphyria cutanea tarda. Report of three cases
Edematous striae distensae
Chloracne from manufacture of a new herbicide
Cutaneous reaction to chlorambucil
Pathogenesis of Woronoff ring in psoriasis
Evaluation of possible chronic hepatotoxicity from methotrexate for psoriasis
Classification of pressure ulcers
Diagnostic accuracy and precision in assessing dermatologic disease. Problem or promise?
Collodion baby (lamellar ichthyosis)
The natural history of dysplastic nevi. A case history illustrating their evolution
Compression therapy in painful piezogenic pedal papules
Relapsing polychondritis (diffuse chondrolysis)
Histiocytosis X in two adults. Treatment with topical mechlorethamine
Perilymphatic atrophy of the skin. A side effect of topical corticosteroid injection therapy
Superficial epithelioma with sebaceous differentiation
Does estrogen prevent skin aging? Results from the First National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES I)
Porphyria cutanea tarda in association with human immunodeficiency virus infection: it is related to hepatitis C virus infection?
Woringer-Kolopp disease (localized pagetoid reticulosis) or unilesional mycosis fungoides? An analysis of eight cases with benign disease
Postzoster cutaneous pseudolymphoma
Human immunodeficiency virus-associated eosinophilic folliculitis. A unique dermatosis associated with advanced human immunodeficiency virus infection
Stevens-Johnson syndrome associated with nystatin treatment
Trichilemmoma. Analysis of 40 new cases
Papular polymorphous light eruption. Fibrin, complement, and immunoglobulin deposition
Langerhans' cells in paracoccidioidomycosis
On the definition of Mohs surgery and how it determines appropriate surgical margins
American Academy of Dermatology guidelines of care. Development and process
Tetracyclines in the treatment of acne
Histopathologic findings in anetoderma
A Systematic Review of Autologous Transplantation Methods in Vitiligo
Bullous amyloidosis. Case report with ultrastructural studies
Tretinoin treatment of steroid acne
Vitamin E treatment of epidermolysis bullosa. Changes in tissue collagenase levels
Elastosis perforans serpiginosa
Umbilicated papular eruption on the extremities of a child
Linear focal elastosis. An ultrastructural study
Report of the workshop on training clinical researchers in arthritis and musculoskeletal and skin diseases
Abnormal essential fatty acid metabolism in Darier's disease
Basal cell carcinoma with bony metastases producing myelofibrosis
Generalized Exanthem With Palmoplantar Involvement and Genital Ulcerations
Letter: Unilateral nevoid telangiectasia
Delayed hypersensitivity to a corticosteroid suspension containing methylprednisolone. Two cases of conjunctival inflammation after retrobulbar injection
Antigenic features and structural correlates of basement membranes. Relationship to epidermolysis bullosa
Superantigens. Do they have a role in skin diseases?
Isoniazid-induced pellagra
Warts among meat handlers
Measurement and figure in dermatology
The biology of skin grafts. Skin grafts as pharmacologic agents
Cutaneous horn arising in chronic discoid lupus erythematosus
Contact photosensitivity dermatitis from sun-protective agent
Histocompatibility antigens and disease
A controlled trial of intralesional recombinant interferon-gamma in the treatment of keloidal scarring. Clinical and histologic findings
The role of liver biopsies in psoriatic patients receiving long-term methotrexate treatment. Improvement in liver abnormalities after cessation of treatment
The correlation of disease activity and antibody titers in pemphigus
HLA markers and lymphocytotoxins in lichen planus
Treatment of cutaneous squamous cell carcinomas by intralesional interferon alfa-2b therapy
Variability in physician assessment of lesions in cutaneous images and its implications for skin screening and computer-assisted diagnosis
Linear focal elastosis
Levamisole therapy in atopic dermatitis: randomized double-blind evaluation
Cervical thymic cyst
Arteriovenous fistula. Cutaneous manifestations
Clinical evaluation of clotrimazole. A broad-spectrum antifungal agent
Angiokeratoma of the vulva
Plasmapheresis and immunosuppressive therapy. Effect on levels of intercellular antibodies in pemphigus vulgaris
Specious syphilography
Prevention of unintentional overexposure in topical psoralen treatment of vitiligo
Pruritic pigmented papules posing permanent problems. Urticaria pigmentosa (UP) with secondary anetoderma
Pemphigus foliaceus. Use of antimalarial agents as adjuvant therapy
Zinc correction of defective chemotaxis in acrodermatitis enteropathica
Ectopic adrenocorticotropic hormone syndrome associated with metastatic skin tumors and Cushing's syndrome
A review of the Fifth Conference of the Association of Professors of Dermatology. Undergraduate teaching in dermatology
Spending Differences Associated With the Medicare Physician Group Practice Demonstration
Cerebriform intradermal nevus. A cause of cutis verticis gyrata
Pediatric Injury Outcomes in Racial/Ethnic Minorities in California
Folded skin associated with underlying nevus lipomatosus
Acquired perforating dermatosis. Transepidermal elimination of DNA material and possible role of leukocytes in pathogenesis
Hemagglutination tests and related advances in serodiagnosis of syphilis
Benign lymphoid hyperplasia (lymphocytoma cutis)
Microlipoinjection. Autologous fat grafting
Female androgenic alopecia. The 3 alpha,17 beta-androstanediol glucuronide/sex hormone binding globulin ratio as a possible marker for female pattern baldness
Psychosomatic dermatology. Is it relevant?
Letter: Glutaraldehyde therapy for epidermolysis bullosa
Congenital ectodermal dysplasia in male miniature poodle siblings
Letter: Earring dermatitis sparing the ears
Treatment of multiple lesions of Bowen disease with isotretinoin and interferon alfa. Efficacy of combination chemotherapy
Acne cosmetica following successful treatment with oral isotretinoin
Dermal erythropoiesis in a neonate
Involvement of membrane attack complex of complement in UV-B-induced acantholysis in pemphigus
Malignant acanthosis nigricans
Letter: Scabies in man
Dimethylglyoxime stick test for easier detection of nickel
Oral mucosa pigmentation: a new side effect of azidothymidine therapy in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Topical tretinoin (retinoic acid) improves early stretch marks
Granuloma annulare
Topical metronidazole therapy for rosacea
Generalized atrophic sarcoidosis with ulcerations
Epidermodysplasia verruciformis. A case associated with primary lymphatic dysplasia, depressed cell-mediated immunity, and Bowen's disease containing human papillomavirus 16 DNA
Dermatological Manifestations of Tourette Syndrome and Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
Discoid lupus erythematosus. Electron microscopic studies of paramyxovirus-like structures
Bloom's syndrome with dimorphism of sister chromatid exchanges in phytohemagglutinin-stimulated lymphocytes
Intralesional corticosteroids in the treatment of nodulocystic acne
Cicatricial pemphigoid. Identification of two distinct sets of epidermal antigens by IgA and IgG class circulating autoantibodies
Treatment of acanthosis nigricans with tretinoin
Nonspecificity of characteristic cells in mycosis fungoides
Basal cell carcinoma at the base of cutaneous horn (cornu cutaneum)
Generalized staphylococcal scalded skin syndrome in an anephric boy undergoing hemodialysis
Mohs micrographic surgery and the practitioner
Punctate keratoderma
High-dose recombinant interleukin-2 in advanced cutaneous T-cell lymphoma
Involvement of cell adhesion and activation molecules in the pathogenesis of erythema dyschromicum perstans (ashy dermatitis). The effect of clofazimine therapy
Cutaneous alternariosis with mixed infection of Candida albicans. Report of a patient responding to natamycin
Epidermodysplasia verruciformis accompanied by large granular lymphocytosis. Report of a case and immunological studies
Possible role of cytokines in cellular proliferation of the skin transplanted onto nude mice
Syringomatous hyperplasia and eccrine squamous syringometaplasia associated with benoxaprofen therapy
Toxic effects of the aromatic retinoid etretinate
Contact dermatitis from Tagetes minuta. A new sensitizing plant of the Compositae family
Letter: Flurandrenolide-impregnated tape for granuloma gluteale infantum
The coexistence of two types of porphyria in one family
Palmar lesions and a nonhealing ulcer of the ear in a former agricultural worker. Arsenical keratoses; invasive squamous cell carcinoma of the right ear; and bowenoid keratoses
Atrophic plaques in a neonate. Neonatal lupus erythematosus (NLE)
Patch test reactions to human dander in atopic dermatitis
Another use for tretinoin--pseudoacanthosis nigricans
Erythrokeratodermia with ataxia
Risk of cutaneous malignant melanoma in patients with 'classic' atypical-mole syndrome. A case-control study
Retrospective Analysis of Tissue Plasminogen Activator as an Adjuvant Treatment for Calciphylaxis
Bleomycin-induced Raynaud's phenomenon
Hydrocortisone vs high-potency corticosteroid ointments
Multiple unilateral reddish tumors on the ear and forehead in a woman with early syphilis. Angiolymphoid hyperplasia (ALHE) with eosinophilia coexisting with early latent syphilis
Agminate-type combined nevus consisting of a common blue nevus with a junctional Spitz nevus
Letter: Sign of Leser-Trelat
Sweet's syndrome leading to acquired cutis laxa (Marshall's syndrome) in an infant with alpha 1-antitrypsin deficiency
Fixed-drug eruption due to dextromethorphan
Duration of minoxidil therapy to yield maximum benefit
Macroglossia. An unusual presentation of pemphigus vulgaris
Classification and therapy of atrophie blanche
Eczematous dermatitis caused by internal exposure to copper
Letter: Nonfat dry milk helps prevent formaldehyde dermatitis
Disseminated cutaneous infection caused by Mycobacterium avium complex
Eruptive xanthomas associated with intravenous miconazole therapy
Retinoids, cancer, and the skin
Facilitating Hospital Emergency Preparedness: Introduction of a Model Memorandum of Understanding
Glutaraldehyde (pentanedial) allergic contact dermatitis. Usage test on sole and antecubital fossa: regional variations in response
Progressive, atrophying, chronic granulomatous dermohypodermitis. Autoimmune disease?
Clinical recognition of clear-cell acanthoma (Degos')
Pityriasis rubra pilaris. A follow-up study of 57 patients
Topically applied fluorouracil in the treatment of psoriatic nails
Cutaneous cryptococcosis resembling molluscum contagiosum in a patient with AIDS
Dermal collagen degradation and phagocytosis. Occurrence in a horse with hyperextensible fragile skin
Management of leg ulcers with hydrocolloid occlusive dressing
Artifactual production of pseudomonilethrix
Erosio interdigitalis blastomycetica
The state of the ARCHIVES
Sarcoid nodules in Cushing's disease
Reticulated black solar lentigo ('ink spot' lentigo)
Alpha-antitrypsin deficiency
Origin of plasma protoporphyrin in patients with erythropoietic protoporphyria
Umbilical metastasis from carcinoma of the pancreas
Use of Information Technology in the Examination Room—Reply
Short-term Outcomes After Esophagectomy at 164 American College of Surgeons National Surgical Quality Improvement Program Hospitals
Thrombotic angiokeratoma circumscriptum simulating melanoma
Malodorous intertriginous pustules and plaques. Pemphigus vegetans, Hallopeau type
Raynaud and Moliere
Violaceous papules in a linear and reticular pattern. Keratosis lichenoides chronica
An eruption of asymptomatic brown papules. Eruptive disseminated syringomas
Toxic epidermal necrolysis due to indapamide
The (Mis)diagnosis of Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease
Failure of lysine in frequently recurrent herpes simplex infection. Treatment and prophylaxis
Cutaneous findings in Gulf War veterans
Letter: Complications during methotrexate therapy for psoriasis
Blistering distal dactylitis: a manifestation of group A beta-hemolytic streptococcal infection
Herpetic trigeminal trophic syndrome. Treatment with acyclovir and sublesional triamcinolone
Isotretinoin and cutaneous helper T-cell lymphoma (mycosis fungoides)
Immunodiagnosis in dermatopathology
Pruritic papular eruption. Papular mucinosis (lichen myxedematosus)
Erythema chronicum migrans
Premature cataracts in a family with hidrotic ectodermal dysplasia
Should you throw away this issue?
The impact of the human immunodeficiency virus on the human papillomavirus epidemic
Inflammatory metastic carcinoma. Carcinoma erysipelatoides
HLA antigens and contact sensitivity
Peroxisomal abnormality in fibroblasts from involved skin of CHILD syndrome. Case study and review of peroxisomal disorders in relation to skin disease
Letter: Neurofibroma and nevoid basal cell carcinoma
Penile nodules in Southeast Asian men
Demodectic mite on an extremity
Response of plasma cell orificial mucositis to topically applied steroids
The Combined Association of Psychological Distress and Socioeconomic Status With All-Cause Mortality
Stability of carmustine for topical application
Annular lesions in a black woman. Annular lichen planus (LP)
Multiple hamartomatous glomus tumors of the skin
Ulcerative sarcoidosis
Occurrence of bullous pemphigoid after furosemide therapy
Progressive cribriform and zosteriform hyperpigmentation
Clinical spectrum of anhidrotic ectodermal dysplasia
Delayed pressure urticaria histologically resembles cutaneous late-phase reactions
T-lymphocyte subsets in the lesional skin of allogeneic and autologous bone marrow transplant patients
Curettage for removal of the comedones and cysts of the Favre-Racouchot syndrome
Dermal papule on a distal digit. Acquired digital fibrokeratoma
The effect of an intralesional sustained-release formulation of interferon alfa-2b on basal cell carcinomas
Cosmetics in Dermatology
Familial multiple cafe au lait spots
The homelands of top-cited articles
Cutaneous histiocytosis X. The presence of S-100 protein and its use in diagnosis
Zinc sulfate in acne vulgaris
Epidermal inclusion cyst of the sole
Verrucae planae of the face
A newborn with a solitary nodule on the scalp. Infantile myofibromatosis (solitary type)
A clinical variant of chancroid resembling granuloma inguinale
Ultraviolet-B phototherapy for early-stage cutaneous T-cell lymphoma
The Role of Government in Preventing Excess Calorie Consumption
Tinea incognito
Carcinogenic effect of sequential artificial sunlight and UV-A irradiation in hairless mice. Consequences for solarium 'therapy'
Melanocytic Nevi in Sun-Protected Canadian Hutterite Children
Hemangioma-thrombocytopenia syndrome; a disseminated intravascular coagulopathy
Etretinate. Persistent serum levels after long-term therapy
n-alkanes in the skin
Acupuncture Treatment of Urticaria
Suntan, sunburn, and pigmentation factors and the frequency of acquired melanocytic nevi in children. Similarities to melanoma: the Vancouver Mole Study
Subcutaneous nodule in a cardiac transplant. Cutaneous aspergillosis
Warts and ultrasound therapy
Pyoderma gangrenosum and sarcoidosis
A Randomized Comparison of Print and Web Communication on Colorectal Cancer Screening
Skeletal hyperostosis in patients receiving chronic, very-low-dose isotretinoin
Lentigo maligna melanoma in a treated psoriatic plaque
Quality of care in dermatology. The state of (measuring) the art
Facial papules and nodules, thyroid goiter, and acral keratoses. Cowden's disease
Multicentric reticulohistiocytosis. Electron microscopic and ultracytochemical studies
The vulvovaginal-gingival syndrome of lichen planus. The clinical characteristics of 22 patients
Continual skin peeling syndrome. An electron microscopic study
Letter: Proposal for board requirement change
Familial syringoma. Case history and application of monoclonal anti-eccrine gland antibodies
Fixed-drug eruption to tetracycline
Acquired lymphangioma (lymphangiectasis). Report of a case
Papular midfacial eruption in a child. Cutaneous Sarcoidosis
Whither the ANA?
Detection of human papillomavirus DNA in squamous cell carcinoma of the nail bed and finger determined by polymerase chain reaction
Severe erythema anulare centrifugum-like psoriatic drug eruption induced by terbinafine
Functional abnormality of horny layer in patients with tinea pedis
Long-term intramuscular administration of triamcinolone acetonide
Effect of salicylic acid on the percutaneous absorption of hydrocortisone. In vivo studies in the rhesus monkey
Reliability of Classifying Multiple Sclerosis Disease Activity Using Magnetic Resonance Imaging in a Multiple Sclerosis Clinic
Depressed lymphokine activated killer cell activity in mycosis fungoides. A possible marker for aggressive disease
Plane warts under spontaneous regression. Immunopathologic study on cellular constituents leading to the inflammatory reaction
Topical halcinonide and betamethasone valerate effects on plasma cortisol: acute and subacute usage studies
Letter: Aminocaproic acid in the treatment of exfoliative dermatitis
Exfoliative, dermatitis, lymphoma, and mycosis fungoides
Segmental lichen aureus: onset associated with trauma and puberty
Topical erythromycin v clindamycin therapy for acne. A multicenter, double-blind comparison
The natural history of vasculitis. What the histology tells us about pathogenesis
Cyclosporine in the treatment of psoriasis
Acute follicular graft-vs-host reaction. A distinct clinicopathologic presentation
Skin cancer and arsenical intoxication from well water
Erythema multiforme and urticaria. Eruptions induced by chemically related ophthalmic anticholinergic agents
European Drug Agency Works to Improve Transparency, but Skepticism Remains
Basal cell epitheliomas after repeated fluoroscopic examinations of the chest
Maggot therapy for venous stasis ulcers
Good Prediction Rules Are Hard to Find
PUVA treatment of erythrodermic and plaque-type mycosis fungoides. Ten-year follow-up study
Ichthyosis. Genetic heterogeneity, genodermatoses, and genetic counseling
Importance of appropriate wavelength, dosage, and test site in the experimental reproduction of polymorphous light eruption
Interscapular cutaneous amyloidosis
Etretinate therapy for psoriasis. Reduction of antibody-dependent cell-mediated cytotoxicity of polymorphonuclear leukocytes
Clinical syndromes associated with DNA repair deficiency and enhanced sun sensitivity
Granulocytes, lymphocytes, and toxic epidermal necrolysis
Extramedullary hematopoiesis
Identification of cicatricial pemphigoid antigens
Incidence of psoriasis in Rochester, Minn, 1980-1983
Kyrle's disease and hepatic insufficiency
Attention to Threats and Combat-Related Posttraumatic Stress Symptoms
In vitro photodynamic treatment of normal and human papilloma virus-transfected keratinocytes with photofrin II and red light
Woronoff's rings with PUVA therapy
Psoriasiform cutaneous eruptions induced by cetamolol hydrochloride
Diagnosis of dermatitis herpetiformis by an avidin-biotin-peroxidase method
Report on levamisole hydrochloride for warts
Pustular herpes gestationis
Defective neutrophil migration in granuloma annulare, necrobiosis lipoidica, and sarcoidosis
Ornithodoriasis preceding Borrelia infection
T-cell subsets in drug-induced toxic epidermal necrolysis
A transgenic mouse model provides a novel biological assay of topical glucocorticosteroid potency
Unilateral hyperkeratosis of the nipple: the response to cryotherapy
Complement-fixing pemphigus antibodies
Acne vulgaris in early adolescent boys. Correlations with pubertal maturation and age
Acrodermatitis enteropathica and failure to thrive
Annular plaques on the dorsa of the hands. Neutrophilic eccrine hidradenitis
Yellow nail syndrome: response to vitamin E
Peer review
Psoriasis
Mucous membrane involvement in generalized pustular psoriasis: Report of three cases and review of the literature
Letter: Allergy to ethylenediamine
Erectile dysfunction in etretinate treatment
Combined methotrexate and hydroxyurea therapy for psoriasis
Pigmented basal cell epithelioma
Leiomyosarcoma of the skin and subcutaneous tissue
Pagetoid reticulosis. Histiocyte marker studies
Alopecia in a 19-month-old boy. Monilethrix
Possible Werner syndrome. A unique association with spontaneous digital gangrene in infancy and decreased life span of cultured skin fibroblasts
Mummified cutaneous mixed tumor
"Effect of androgen on the sebaceous glands of human skin" by Rony and Zakon, December 1943. Commentary: Androgen effects on human sebaceous glands
A mechanobullous disease of the newborn. Bart's syndrome
Bullous systemic lupus erythematosus in a patient
Chronic cutaneous lupus erythematosus. Clinical, laboratory, therapeutic, and prognostic examination of 62 patients
Worries
Antibiotic prophylaxis and dermatologic surgery
Risks of unoccluded topical steroids in clinical trials
Primary localized amyloidosis of glans penis
A personal perspective on residency education
Deletion of chromosome 11 in babies with Michelin Tire syndrome
Cutaneous immunoglobulin deposition in primary biliary cirrhosis
Generalized pustulation as a manifestation of the anticonvulsant hypersensitivity syndrome
Erythrasma owing to an unusual pathogen
Keratoacanthoma arising in a linear epidermal nevus
Cutaneous calcinosis in localized discoid lupus erythematosus
Hidradenitis Suppurativa, Eruptive Melanocytic Nevi, and Keratosis Pilaris–like Eruption in a Patient Treated With Vemurafenib
Perforating granuloma annulare
The rehabilitation index
Speckled (particulate) epidermal nuclear IgG deposition in normal skin. Correlation of clinical features and laboratory findings in 46 patients with a subset of connective tissue disease characterized by antibody to extractable nuclear antigen
Topical retinoic acid (tretinoin) for melasma in black patients. A vehicle-controlled clinical trial
Bacterial adherence, colonization, and pathogenicity
Treatment of Sepsis-Related Organ Dysfunction—Reply
Yellow nail syndrome and half-and-half nail
Treatment of viral warts with pressure-sensitive adhesive tape containing bleomycin sulfate
HLA in bullous pemphigoid
Cutaneous lupus erythematosus associated with melanoma and BCG vaccine therapy
Tinea nigra palmaris. Treatment with thiabendazole topically
Leopard vitiligo
Multicentric reticulohistiocytosis
Hypertrophic scar after cryotherapy and topical tretinoin
Keloidal calcification
Disseminated hyalohyphomycosis in a leukemic patient
Tricotropism by pentazocine
Hyperpigmented Patches on Shins, Palms, and Soles—Quiz Case
Cellulitis
Giant senile sebaceous hyperplasia
Retinal Vasoproliferative Tumors
Metastases to skin from occult malignant neoplasms. Cutaneous metastases from a teratocarcinoma
Cutaneous B-cell lymphoma. An unusual presentation
Dermatology in the German Democratic Republic
Angiokeratoma corporis diffusum associated with beta-mannosidase deficiency
Narrowband UV-B and psoriasis
Pityriasis rosea-like drug eruption secondary to metronidazole
Confluent and reticulate papillomatosis
Psoriasis and bullous pemphigoid
Cutaneous reaction to chlorambucil therapy
Toxic epidermal necrolysis. Rapid differentiation between staphylococcal- and drug-induced disease
Proceedings: Recurring digital fibrous tumor of childhood, case 1
Association of HLA-A1 antigen and susceptibility to recurrent cold sores
Characteristics of toxic epidermal necrolysis in patients undergoing long-term glucocorticoid therapy
HLA antigens in alopecia areata
Becker's nevus associated with limb asymmetry
Combined immunotherapy of malignant melanoma. Unusual survival following cerebral metastasis
Therapy for basal cell epitheliomas by curettage only. Further study
Ultrastructural studies of vitiligo, Vogt-Koyanagi syndrome, and incontinentia pigmenti achromians
IgE levels in nummular eczema and ichthyosis
Heroin adulterants and skin disease
Dermal melanocyte hamartoma. A distinctive new form of dermal melanocytosis
Effects of new laser systems on the skin
Plasmapheresis and pulse cyclophosphamide therapy in pemphigus vulgaris: a novelty or a reappraisal?
Epstein-Barr virus and lymphomatoid papulosis. A suspect exonerated (at least for now)
Dapsone-induced motor polyneuropathy. A complication of prolonged treatment of subcorneal pustular dermatosis
Eczema herpeticum caused by herpesvirus type 2. A case in a patient with Darier disease
Vesicular erythema migrans
Studies in patients with corticosteroid contact allergy. Understanding cross-reactivity among different steroids
Local wound environment and epidermal healing. Mitotic response
Pathways to Bone Metastasis
Sarcoidal reaction to lymphoma presenting as granulomatous rosacea
Melanoma in Africans. A clinical appraisal
The Archives of Dermatology Annual Trainee Award
Epithelioid sarcoma. Enzymatic histochemical and electron microscopic evidence of histiocytic differentiation
Acute febrile neutrophilic dermatosis (Sweet's syndrome)
Dermatophytes in military recruits
Cell-mediated immunity in vitro in atopic dermatitis
Malignant melanoma originating from intradermal nevi. A clinicopathologic entity
Photodynamic therapy of superficial basal cell carcinoma by instillation of aminolevulinic acid and irradiation with visible light
Methotrexate osteopathy in long-term, low-dose methotrexate treatment for psoriasis and rheumatoid arthritis
Treatment of dermatitis herpetiformis with colchicine
Eccrine angiomatous hamartoma. A painful step
Asymptomatic progressive hyperpigmentation in a 16-year-old girl. Erythema dyschromicum perstans
Multiple trichoepithelioma and breast cancer
Kaposis sarcoma and diabetes mellitus
Desquamative rash in an immunocompromised adult. Staphylococcal scalded skin syndrome (SSSS)
Focal dermal hypoplasia syndrome in a male patient. Report of a case and histologic and immunohistochemical studies
Pigmentation induced by quinidine therapy
Draining ulcers with lymphadenopathy. Metastatic basal cell carcinoma
The most common contact allergens 1968-1970
Concurrent localized scleroderma and discoid lupus erythematosus. Cutaneous 'mixed' or 'overlap' syndrome
Persistent subepidermal blistering in split-thickness skin graft sites. Ultrastructural and antigenic features simulating dystrophic or immunofluorescence-negative acquired epidermolysis bullosa
Effect of antibiotics on the lipases of Corynebacterium acnes in vitro
Acute undifferentiated myeloblastic leukemia revealed by specific hemorrhagic bullous lesions
Squamous cell carcinoma. Occurrence in mycosis fungoides treated with psoralens plus long-wave ultraviolet radiation
Urticaria pigmentosa. Systemic evaluation and successful treatment with topical steroids
Collagenome perforant verruciforme
Persistent Candida intertrigo treated with fluconazole
The Q-switched Nd:YAG laser effectively treats tattoos. A controlled, dose-response study
Recommended treatment schedules for gonorrhea--1979
Recommended treatment schedules for gonorrhea--1974
Herpes simplex infection
Multiple eccrine hidrocystomas: a nonsurgical treatment
Dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans arising in a site of multiple immunizations
Human absorption of crude coal tar products
Generalized pustular rash and erythema. Toxic pustuloderma
Cutaneous pseudolymphoma at the site of resolving herpes zoster
Tuberculoid leprosy in state of reaction
Contact dermatitis due to clindamycin
Should vitiligo be induced in patients after resection of primary melanoma
Seborrheic dermatitis in neuroleptic-induced parkinsonism
Traditional tattooing of the gingiva: an Eritrean folk medicine practice
High-dose methylprednisolone in the treatment of bullous pemphigoid
Unilateral keratotic vascular lesion on the leg. Verrucous hemangioma
Hidrotic ectodermal dysplasia with diffuse eccrine poromatosis
Delayed-type hypersensitivity skin testing. A review
Mucormycosis and cutaneous histoplasmosis in a renal transplant recipient
Trichophyton tonsurans tinea capitis, resistant to griseofulvin
Resistant cutaneous infection caused by Mycobacterium chelonei
Skin aging. Effect on transepidermal water loss, stratum corneum hydration, skin surface pH, and casual sebum content
Extending the Health Benefits of Clean Indoor Air Policies
Topical antibacterial therapy for acne. Study of the family of erythromycins
In Vivo Electromechanical Reshaping of Ear Cartilage in a Rabbit Model
Solar urticaria
Letter: Malignant melanomas
The ridgeback anomaly. A new follicular pattern of the scalp
Elderly Individuals With FTLD
Mees' lines
Acquired hemangiomata
Microscopically controlled excision of skin tumors
Physical Activity and Screen-Time Viewing Among Elementary School–Aged Children in the United States From 2009 to 2010
Eosinophilic folliculitis associated with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome responds well to permethrin
A woman with nodules and depressed scars. Lupus erythematosus (LE) profundus
Evolution and Animal Models
The Development of Practice Guidelines for the Treatment of Severe Plaque Form Psoriasis
Unusual local cutaneous reaction to dacarbazine
Congenital herpes simplex virus infections. Report of three cases and review of the literature
Eruption in a Patient With Crohn Disease—Diagnosis
Treatment of toenail onychomycosis. A randomized, double-blind study with terbinafine and griseofulvin. LAGOS II Study Group
Abnormalities in serum lipids and leukocyte superoxide dismutase and associated cataract formation in patients with atopic dermatitis
Topical mupirocin treatment of impetigo is equal to oral erythromycin therapy
Malignant plasmacytoma cutis
Failure of osmotic diuresis as therapy for psoriasis
Enhanced percutaneous penetration with 1-dodecylazacycloheptan-2-one
Precocious noduloulcerative cutaneous syphilis
Lanthanum staining of Langerhans' cell. Communication of Langerhans' cell granules with extracellular space
Metronidazole for eosinophilic pustular folliculitis in human immunodeficiency virus type 1-positive patients
A randomized single-blind controlled study of cultured epidermal allografts in the treatment of split-thickness skin graft donor sites
Bowen disease and squamous cell carcinoma of the nail bed
Proceedings: Eccrine hidrocystoma
Pigmentation of open comedones. An ultrastructural study
Multiple periorbital fibrous histiocytomas: a light and electron microscopic study
Syphilis in the Bible
Primary histiocytic dermatoses
Papules and nodules in a patient with sarcoidosis. Chromoblastomycosis
Applications of glucocorticosteroids. The effects of twice-daily vs once-every-other-day applications on mouse epidermal cell DNA synthesis
Cutaneous eruptions of lymphocyte recovery
Persistent plaque on the shoulder of a Chinese woman. BCG granuloma
Radiation therapy as an alternate therapy for locally recurrent acral lentiginous malignant melanoma
Diagnostic ultrasound. A review of the state of the art
The influence of infrared radiation on short-term ultraviolet-radiation-induced injuries
Ketoconazole therapy and exfoliative erythroderma
Effect of Legumes as Part of a Low Glycemic Index Diet on Glycemic Control and Cardiovascular Risk Factors in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus
Scleroderma, eosinophilia, and diffuse fasciitis
The bacterial flora of peripheral vascular ulcers
Mastocytosis spectrum
Bullous pemphigoid antibodies
Acquired circumscribed hypertrichosis in the 'costaleros' who bear the 'pasos' during Holy Week in Seville, Spain
Cell-mediated hypersensitivity to mite antigens in atopic dermatitis
Porokeratosis plantaris, palmaris, et disseminata. A third type of porokeratosis
Frailty in Dialysis-Dependent Patients With End-Stage Renal Disease
Mohs: microscopically oriented histographic surgery
Lymphomatoid granulomatosis of the skin and lung. An angiocentric T-cell-rich B-cell lymphoproliferative disorder
Nodular subcutaneous fat necrosis. A manifestation of silent pancreatitis
Photobiology of psoriasis. Wavelength dependence
Detection of Mycobacterium tuberculosis in erythema induratum of bazin using polymerase chain reaction
Contact dermatitis owing to tincture of benzoin
Pemphigus vulgaris in a 3-and-one-half-year old boy
Tuberculosis
Detection and Typing of Human Papillomavirus in Skin Lesions From Renal Transplant Recipients and Equivalent Lesions From Immunocompetent Patients
An interesting herpes simplex infection
Erythema annulare centrifugum associated with ascariasis
Postural hypotension and anhidrosis. The autonomic insufficiency syndrome
Blue macules of localized argyria caused by implanted acupuncture needles. Electron microscopy and roentgenographic microanalysis of deposited metal
Cutaneous leukocyte trafficking and psoriasis
Amiodarone photosensitivity
Contact sensitivity to dinitrochlorobenzene is impaired in atopic subjects. Controversy revisited
Keratosis palmaris et plantaris treatment with topically applied vitamin A acid
Clinical features of pruritus among patients undergoing maintenance hemodialysis
Disseminated lymphocytoma cutis. Case reports of miliarial and nodular types
Floor-pattern salt-split skin cannot distinguish bullous pemphigoid from epidermolysis bullosa acquisita. Use of toad skin
Redefinition of Mohs surgery
Systemic lupus erythematosus and dermatitis herpetiformis: concurrence with Marfan's syndrome
Confusion after topical use of resorcinol
Allergic reaction to phenyl dimethicone in a sunscreen
Lichen planus-like lesions caused by penicillamine in primary biliary cirrhosis
Immunofluorescence, necrobiosis lipoidica, and blood vessels. Fluorescent lights in the tunnels
Diffuse petechial pustular lesions in a newborn. Disseminated Listeria monocytogenes
Testing of controlled-release transdermal dosage forms. Product development and clinical trials
Light and ultrastructural study of reactive perforating collagenosis
'Twin' psoriasis in monozygotic twins
Letter: Triangular hair patch as sign of alopecia areata
Erythropoietic protoporphyria presenting in adulthood
Systemic steroids with or without 2% topical minoxidil in the treatment of alopecia areata
A Single Case Report Using an Antiacne Topical Medication for Severe Foot Odor
Hemorrhagic Darier's disease
Pemphigus and herpes simplex. Antibody response to corticosteroids in a patient
Persistent cutaneous reaction to intramuscular vitamin K injection
Giant apocrine hidrocystoma
An enlarging papulosquamous plaque on the buttock. Adult T-cell leukemia/lymphoma
Adenocarcinoma arising in a seborrheic keratosis
Erythema nodosum leprosum in a general hospital
The Keyes punch
Staphylococcal scalded skin syndrome in an adult with Hodgkin's disease
A morphologic, pathologic, and virologic study of anogenital warts in men
Osteoma cutis
Primary and secondary erythema migrans in central Wisconsin
Congenital sensory neuropathy: report of an atypical case
Facial papules in a child. Benign cephalic histiocytosis
Eccrine poromatosis
Necrobiosis lipoidica and granuloma annulare. Simultaneous occurrence in a patient
Diagnosis of secondary syphilis
Primary lymphocutaneous Nocardia brasiliensis infection
Unusual dyschromia in a malnourished infant
Follow-up of Patients With Axillary Hyperhidrosis After Botulinum Toxin Injection
Cosmetic Dermatology
Photoallergic contact dermatitis to chloro-2-phenylphenol
Proceedings: Pruritus and hemodialysis
Human essential fatty acid deficiency: treatment by topical application of linoleic acid
Cutaneous myxomas. A major component of the complex of myxomas, spotty pigmentation, and endocrine overactivity
Detection of mycobacterial DNA in the skin. Etiologic insights and diagnostic perspectives
Papillary eccrine adenoma
Vitamin A acid in the treatment of palmoplantar keratoderma. Clinical investigations and experimental results with 13 patients
Fixed drug eruptions to tetracyclines
Cryotherapy improves prurigo nodularis
Pruritic plaques on the skin and mucous membranes. Acanthosis nigricans
Differentiation and clonality of lesional lymphocytes in small plaque parapsoriasis
Skin changes in short-bowel syndrome. Kwashiorkor-like syndrome
Localized pruritus-notalgia paresthetica
Complementary, Alternative, Unconventional, and Integrative Medicine
Chordoma-like subcutaneous nodules in an infant
Erosive lichen planus: dramatic response to thalidomide
PUVA, etretinate, and PUVA-etretinate therapy for pustulosis palmoplantaris. A placebo-controlled comparative trial
Albright's hereditary osteodystrophy with cutaneous bone formation
Aspiration metastases from basal cell carcinoma: the 92nd known case
The involuting lichenoid plaque
Multiple histiocytomas. Report of a case
Plum-colored nodules in a patient with chronic myelogenous leukemia. Leukemia cutis in blast phase of CML
Cutaneous pigmentation secondary to amiodarone therapy
Spontaneous partial regression of primary melanoma with death due to metastases
Magnetic resonance imaging in adults presenting with severe acute infectious cellulitis
Sporotrichoid nodules in an immunocompromised host. Cutaneous emboli of Fusarium
Recurrence of pemphigus vulgaris associated with interleukin 2 therapy
Angiopathic pathogenesis of clinical manifestations in prolidase deficiency
Red papules on the face with secondary scarring. Lupus miliaris faciei (LMF)
Dermatomyositis with ulceration
Perifollicular fibroma
A papulovesicular eruption revealing multinucleated giant cells on Tzanck smear. Transient acantholytic dermatosis (TAD)
Treatment of basal cell carcinoma of the skin with curettage
Cost-effectiveness analysis in clinical practice. Is a truce possible?
Infraorbital crease, ethnic group, and atopic dermatitis
Bullous transient acantholytic dermatosis
Dinitrochlorobenzene is inherently mutagenic in the presence of trace mutagenic contaminants
The turmoil of Europe. What can dermatologists do?
Progressive asymptomatic annular facial skin lesions. Cutaneous tuberculosis (lupus vulgaris)
Selective immunological evaluation of mycosis fungoides
HLA-B8 and dermatitis herpetiformis in patients with IgA deposits in skin
Topical corticosteroid-induced skin blanching measurement: eye or instrument?
Psoralen plus black light inhibits epidermal DNA synthesis
The nitroblue tetrazolium test in dermatologic patients
Chronic radiodermatitis following cardiac catheterization
Dermatomyositis in a child
Pustular and erythrodermic psoriasis complicated by acute respiratory distress syndrome
Simulation to Implement a Novel System of Care for Pediatric Critical Airway Obstruction
Universal acquired melanosis. The carbon baby
Full-thickness skin grafts. Clinical observations on the impact of using epinephrine in local anesthesia of the donor site
Congenital erosive dermatosis with reticulated supple scarring: first neonatal report
Unusual locations of localized myxedema in Graves' disease. Report of three cases
Hidrotic ectodermal dysplasia: study of a large Chinese pedigree
Restoration of bones in mycetoma
Group A streptococcal infections. An old adversary reemerging with new tricks?
Trends in the Overuse of Ambulatory Health Care Services in the United States
Adverse reaction to fenretinide, a synthetic retinoid
Topically active corticosteroids. A quantitative evaluation of McKenzie's skin-blanching test
Human papillomavirus. Current concepts
Dermatology in India
Mohs surgery. Technique, indications, applications, and the future
Keratosis pilaris: skin marker of Hodgkin disease?
The adherence of Staphylococcus aureus to human corneocytes
Systemic lupus erythematosus with pemphigus vulgaris
Are viral warts seen more commonly in children with eczema?
Pain with synoviomas
Dysplastic nevi. Occurrence in first- and second-degree relatives of patients with 'sporadic' dysplastic nevus syndrome
Punctate, pigmented verrucous papillomatosis
Blood levels of methotreate and the treatment of psoriasis
Congenital syphilis
Bioavailability of a new oral methoxsalen formulation. A serum concentration and photosensitivity response study
Phosphorylation in mitochondria from melanotic melanoma
Cyclophosphamide and pemphigus vulgaris
Increased plasma histamine level in eosinophilic fasciitis
Commentary: cortisone acetate administered orally in dermatologic therapy
Importance of human papillomavirus DNA typing in the diagnosis of anogenital warts in children
Possible discoid lupus erythematosus in newborn infant. Report of a case with subsequent development of acute systemic lupus erythematosus in mother
Extensive calcinosis cutis with systemic lupus erythematosus
Anti-beta-4 integrin antibody prominently stains nerves in psoriatic skin
Ferrous iron and porphyria cutanea tarda
Keratosis follicularis spinulosa decalvans. Report of two cases and literature review
Mediators of inflammation in blister fluids from patients with pemphigus vulgaris and bullous pemphigoid
Inherited ichthyoses
Pitted keratolysis: forme fruste old treatments
Immunosuppressive and cytotoxic drugs in dermatology
Scrofuloderma: the DNA analysis of mycobacteria by the polymerase chain reaction
Differences in malignant melanoma between children and adolescents. A 35-year epidemiological study
DeSanctis-Cacchione syndrome. A case report with autopsy findings
Sarcoidosis appearing initially as polymyositis
The clinical spectrum of the persistent light reactor
Inflammatory metastatic carcinoma of the parotid
Hypomelanosis from an antioxidant in polyethylene firm
Basal cell nevus syndrome in a black patient: report of a case and review of the literature
Talon noir
Generalized atrophic benign epidermolysis bullosa
Principles of genetics in the molecular era. A primer for dermatologists
Pulse glucocorticoid therapy. The 'big shot' revisited
Pemphigoid vegetans
Interferon. Promises, disappointments, and tempered optimism
Mohs micrographic surgery as only means of optimal patient outcome?
Repopulation of pigment cells in patients with vitiligo
Primary systemic amyloidosis causing diffuse alopecia by telogen arrest
Dermal plaques on the face of a child. Cutaneous leishmaniasis (Leishmania tropical complex)
Minocycline in staphylococcal soft-tissue infections
Dinitrochlorobenzene treatment of alopecia areata
Association of splinters with chromomycosis and phaeomycotic cyst
Lichenoid chronic graft-vs-host disease
Minocycline as possible cause of severe and protracted hypersensitivity drug reaction
Amyloid elastosis. A new cutaneous and systemic pattern of amyloidosis
Laser treatment of extensive mixed cavernous and port-wine stains
Patients with erythema nodosum leprosum lack T-suppressor cells
Women in dermatology. Challenges and recommendations
Abnormal function of CD4+ helper/inducer T lymphocytes in a patient with widespread human papillomavirus type 3-related infection
Cirrhosis following methotrexate administration for psoriasis
Error in Expansion
Dermatomyositis with normal muscle enzyme concentrations. A single-blind study of the diagnostic value of magnetic resonance imaging and ultrasound
Cutaneous ciliated cysts
Sensitivity to hydrogenated lanolin
Removal of Dermatobia hominis larvae
Discoid lupus erythematosus: successful treatment with oral methotrexate
Histopathology of rosacea
Annular erythema as an unusual manifestation of chronic disseminated lupus erythematosus
Staphylococcal scalded skin syndrome mimicking acute graft-vs-host disease in a bone marrow transplant recipient
The allergens in cosmetics
Generalized weight loss in a child. Generalized lipodystrophy
Correction of a split nail deformity
The role of treatment of actinic keratoses in the prevention of morbidity and mortality due to squamous cell carcinoma
Successful pregnancy in a patient with dermatitis herpetiformis treated with low-dose dapsone
Take tea and see
Ultrasound examination of hair follicles in hidradenitis suppurativa
Sulfasalazine as folic acid inhibitor in psoriasis
Darier-White disease: a multifaceted immunodeficient state?
Q-switched ruby laser treatment of congenital nevi
Cholesterotic fibrous histiocytoma. Its association with hyperlipoproteinemia
Monosymptomatic hypochondriacal psychosis manifesting as delusions of parasitosis. A description of four cases successfuly treated with pimozide
Needle puncture scars from midtrimester amniocentesis
The impact of Medicare on academic dermatology
Efficacy and Safety of Tumor Necrosis Factor Inhibitors in Acute Generalized Pustular Psoriasis
Urolithiasis in lichen planus
Summer in Australia. Skin cancer and the great SPF debate
My organ is bigger than your organ
The role of Langerhans' cells in immunity
Deposition of granular IgA relative to clinical lesions in dermatitis herpetiformis
Protein C and protein S plasma levels in patients with lipodermatosclerosis and venous ulceration
Cost Control in a Parallel Universe: Medicare Spending in the United States and Canada
Acute generalized exanthematous pustulosis induced by terbinafine
Overexpression of p53 in disseminated superficial actinic porokeratosis with and without malignant degeneration
Treatment of mycosis fungoides: total-skin electron-beam irradiation vs topical mechlorethamine therapy
Nonmelanoma skin cancers and infection with the human immunodeficiency virus
Becker's nevus coexistent with connective-tissue nevus
Gnathostomiasis. Infestation in an Asian immigrant
Ultrastructural studies of necrolytic migratory erythema
Pemphigus vulgaris
Cosmetic (?) surgery
Allergic contact dermatitis to Alstroemeria
Immunofluorescent studies of pemphigus foliaceus in a child
Immunofluorescent staining with antibodies to factor VIII, fibronectin, and collagenous basement membrane protein in normal human skin and port wine stains
Congenital malalignment of the big toenail: a new subtype
Bacteriology and antibiotic treatment of perineal suppurative hidradenitis
Intracranial calcifications and dyskeratosis congenita
Blisters of the skin in coma induced by amitriptyline and clorazepate dipotassium. Report of a case with underlying sweat gland necrosis
Solid hidradenoma
Diffuse fasciitis with eosinophilia
Histopathology of oral lesions of discoid lupus erythematosus. A review of 25 cases
Defective monocyte chemotaxis in mycosis fungoides
Porphyria cutanea tarda associated with chronic renal disease and hemodialysis
Itraconazole therapy in lymphangitic and cutaneous sporotrichosis
Drugs associated with bullous pemphigoid. A case-control study
Immediate hypersensitivity reaction to amphibian serum manifesting as hand eczema
Mercury pigmentation. An electron microscopic study
National dermatology manpower requirements: the experience of prepaid group practices
Methotrexate therapy for psoriasis. Guideline revisions
Verruca vulgaris. Treatment with natural interferon alfa using a needleless injector
Cutaneous T-cell lymphoma. Evaluation of pretreatment skin biopsy specimens by a panel of pathologists
Dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa. A new variant characterized by progressive symmetrical centripetal involvement with scarring
PUVA therapy for chronic cutaneous graft-vs-host disease
Subcutaneous fat necrosis associated with pancreatic disease
Apical pulmonary adenocarcinoma with contralateral hyperhidrosis
Broadening spectrum of Herpesvirus hominis (Herpes simplex)
Congenital nevi: accuracy of relative area index measurements
Lymphocytic infiltration of the skin (Jessner)
Familial hyperlipoproteinemia type 3
Association of chronic urticaria and angioedema with thyroid autoimmunity
Juvenile xanthogranuloma
Corticosteroids in the treatment of alopecia totalis. Systemic effects
Spectrum of Becker's melanosis changes is greater than believed
Nevus anemicus. Donor-dominant defect
Mast cells and fibrosis
Maurice Sullivan, MD, 1903 to 1969
The incidence and prevalence of dermatitis herpetiformis in Utah
Blastomycosis
Schistosomiasis. Paraplegia and ectopic skin lesions as admission symptoms
Isotretinoin vs etretinate therapy in generalized pustular and chronic psoriasis
Vitiliginous vs pigmented skin response to intradermal administration of interferon gamma
Persistent nodule on the toe following trauma. Sporotrichoid Mycobacterium marinum infection
Menthol and dermatitis
A novel use of the cryptococcal latex agglutination test for rapid presumptive diagnosis of cutaneous cryptococcosis
Allergic contact sensitivity to propylene glycol in a lubricant jelly
Lymphocyte cyclic nucleotide and prostaglandin content in psoriasis: a preliminary report
Epidermodysplasia verruciformis as a model of human papillomavirus-induced genetic cancer of the skin
Basal cell carcinoma of the nipple
Intralesional cyclosporine for psoriasis. Relationship of dose, tissue levels, and efficacy
Topical minoxidil therapy and hair regrowth
Learning and teaching in dermatology. A practitioner's guide
Treatment with penicillamines
Body Mass Index vs Cholesterol in Cardiovascular Disease Risk Prediction Models
Nylon brush macular amyloidosis
Chronic discoid lupus erythematosus with chloroquine retinopathy
Hydroa vacciniforme in three alternate siblings
Cutaneous leukocytoclastic vasculitis complicating hairy cell leukemia (leukemic reticuloendotheliosis)
Nonepidermal origin of cutaneous melanoma in a small congenital nevus
Toxic doses of vitamin A for pityriasis rubra pilaris
Pemphigus foliaceus associated with absence of intercellular antigens in lower layers of epidermis
Dermolytic (dystrophic) epidermolysis bullosa inversa
Dermatitis herpetiformis and bullous pemphigoid. Intermediate and mixed forms
Overload of iron in the skin of patients with varicose ulcers. Possible contributing role of iron accumulation in progression of the disease
Treatment of cutaneous leishmaniasis with antimony sodium gluconate
Nonhealing genital ulcers. Cutaneous leishmaniasis
Multiple hamartoma syndrome (Cowden disease)
Transepidermal elimination of nevus cells in spindle and epithelioid cell (Spitz) nevi
Reticulated ephelides: 'inkspots' revisited
LDA-1 monoclonal antibody. An excellent reagent for immunofluorescence mapping studies in patients with epidermolysis bullosa
Record linkage. A powerful tool for epidemiologic analysis
Management of the Open Abdomen During the Global War on Terror
Generalized atrophic benign epidermolysis bullosa. Either 180-kd bullous pemphigoid antigen or laminin-5 deficiency
Error in Author's Name in: Intravitreal Bevacizumab for Peripapillary Choroidal Neovascular Membranes
Letter: Dermatosis induced by practolol
Retinoid modulation of connective tissue metabolism in keloid fibroblast cultures
Ethylenediamine dermatitis
Oral lichen planus and hepatitis C virus infection: a fortuitous association?
The Promise and Limitations of Genome-wide Association Studies
Value of fine-needle aspiration in infectious cellulitis
Trichoepithelioma in a systematized epidermal nevus with acantholytic dyskeratosis. Its occurrence in a black man
Adhesion molecule expression and endothelial cell activation in cutaneous leukocytoclastic vasculitis. An immunohistologic and clinical study in 42 patients
Monocytic leukemia. Clinically appearing as 'malignant reticulosis of the skin'
Methylmalonic acidemia, cobalamin C type, presenting with cutaneous manifestations
Accuracy in the clinical diagnosis of malignant melanoma
Acne vulgaris in premenarchal girls. An early sign of puberty associated with rising levels of dehydroepiandrosterone
Utilization of physician services for dermatologic complaints. The United States, 1974
Erosive adenomatosis of the nipple
Repeat direct immunofluorescence to discriminate pemphigoid from epidermolysis bullosa acquisita
Vegetating iododerma. An immunologic mechanism
Leukocytoclastic angiitis in subacute bacterial endocarditis
Pemphigus-like antibodies in bullous pemphigoid
Pemphigus: a 20-year review of 107 patients treated with corticosteroids
Anatomical differences of port-wine stains in response to treatment with the pulsed dye laser
Unilateral palpable purpura. A manifestation of septic emboli from an infected aortofemoral bypass graft eroding the jejunum
Bowen's disease of the nail bed
Radiation angiokeratoma following grenz radiation
Concepts of wart regression
Erythema multiforme and hematuria
Translating the Diabetes Prevention Program Lifestyle Intervention for Weight Loss Into Primary Care
Therapeutic efficacy of phenytoin in recessive dystrophic epidermolysis. A comparison of short- and long-term treatment
Bullous pyoderma gangrenosum and acute leukemia
Junk!
Comparison of once-daily and twice-daily ultraviolet radiation treatments in psoriasis
Oral hairy leukoplakia. A distinctive marker of human T-cell lymphotropic virus type III (HTLV-III) infection
Transient acantholytic dermatosis in immunocompromised febrile patients with cancer
A recurrent intertriginous rash responsive to topical as well as surgical therapy. Necrolytic migratory erythema with saprophytic superinfection
Anthralin. Different concentration effects on epidermal cell DNA synthesis rates in mice and clinical responses in human psoriasis
Diagnostic accuracy in malignant melanoma
A centennial journal now in our language
Livedo vasculitis with protein C system deficiency
“Browning” of White Fat May Help in the Ongoing Fight Against Obesity
Hairs in acne comedones
Comparative study of 5% permethrin cream and 1% lindane lotion for the treatment of scabies
Bullous pemphigoid antibodies. Human skin as a substrate for indirect immunofluorescence assay
Lymphomatoid papulosis. Histologic and immunohistochemical studies in a patient with a scaly pigmented eruption
Vitiligo and pernicious anemia
Lupus erythematosus panniculitis
Expanding the Boundaries of PTSD Treatment
Pemphigus. Epidemiologic and survival characteristics of 59 patients, 1955-1973
Multiple erythematous plaques with infiltrated borders on the forearms. Multiple keratoacanthomas
A giant in the field: Albert Montgomery Kligman
Are endogenous retinoids involved in the pathogenesis of acne?
Hyperpigmented tinea versicolor
Occurrence of alopecia areata in a patient receiving systemic cyclosporine A
Tinea versicolor of penis
Lichen sclerosus et atrophicus following radiation therapy
Should every day be melanoma monday?
Letter: Pemphigus vs acantholytic herpetiform dermatitis
The relative importance of risk factors in nonmelanoma carcinoma
Allergic contact dermatitis from anaerobic acrylic sealants
Behcet's disease. An update based on the 1985 International Conference in London
Solitary reticulohistiocytosis (reticulohistiocytoma) of the skin in children: report of two cases
Cutaneous group B streptococcal infection
Bowenoid papulosis. Demonstration of human papillomavirus (HPV) with anti-HPV immune serum
Evaluation of the photoprotective effect of oral vitamin E supplementation
A radial expanding plaque on the chest
Intralesional Cisplatin for the Treatment of Cutaneous B-Cell Lymphoma
Ethylene oxide burns. A hospital outbreak involving 19 women
Actinic granuloma. An annular connective tissue disorder affecting sun- and heat-damaged (elastotic) skin
A case of Rothmund-Thomson syndrome with reduced DNA repair capacity
Epidermolytic hyperkeratosis. Effect of tretinoin therapy on the clinical course and the basic defects in the stratum corneum
Is tinea unguium still widely incurable? A review three decades after the introduction of griseofulvin
Letter: Fluoride toothpastes: a cause of acne-like eruptions
Pigment transfer in mammalian epidermis
Solar- vs heat-induced urticaria
Quantification of the extent and the severity of atopic dermatitis: the ADASI score
Cold urticaria. Dissociation of cold-evoked histamine release and urticara following cold challenge
Formaldehyde allergy. The quantitative analysis of American clothing for free formaldehyde and its relevance in clinical practice
Malignant fibrous histiocytoma arising from discoid lupus erythematosus
Allergic contact dermatitis from topical fluorouracil
Lentigo maligna in a woman with oculocutaneous albinism
Tretinoin treatment for Fox-Fordyce disease
Trigeminal Neuralgia
Transverse white lines in the fingernails induced by combination chemotherapy
Pityrosporum folliculitis. Report of seven cases and review of the Pityrosporum organism relative to cutaneous disease
Two concentrations of topical tretinoin (retinoic acid) cause similar improvement of photoaging but different degrees of irritation. A double-blind, vehicle-controlled comparison of 0.1% and 0.025% tretinoin creams
Acquired perforating dermatosis. Evidence for combined transepidermal elimination of both collagen and elastic fibers
Relationship between the in vivo localization and the immunoblotting pattern of anti-basement membrane zone antibodies in patients with bullous pemphigoid
Elevated free testosterone levels in women with acne
Acquired localized cutis laxa due to cutaneous lymphoplasmacytoid lymphoma
Tartrazine compounds
Induction of collagen synthesis by ascorbic acid. A possible mechanism
Psoriasis occurring predominantly on warts. Possible involvement of interferon alfa
Purpura and recurrent ulcers on the lower extremities. Essential cryofibrinogenemia
Mucoid milia
Severe hypothermia occurring during the course of toxic epidermal necrolysis in patients treated with air-fluidized beds
Trichophytin reactions in children with tinea capitis
Eruptive vellus hair cysts: first case of onset in middle age
Continuing the means-ends discussion from the history of science
Hair changes in acrodermatitis enteropathica
The double-edge knife
Tinea capitis due to Trichophyton soudanense
An uninvolved pregnancy in a patient after a previous episode of herpes gestationis
Disseminate and recurrent infundibulo-folliculitis. Report of a second case
Angiokeratoma corporis diffusum with glycopeptiduria due to deficient lysosomal alpha-N-acetylgalactosaminidase activity. Clinical, morphologic, and biochemical studies
Recurrent facial nodule. Chondroid syringoma
In This Issue of Archives of Internal Medicine
Phenylketonuria and scleroderma
Methotrexate
Swimming pool granuloma due to Mycobacterium scrofulaceum
Erythropoietic protoporphyria. Report of a case successfully treated with carotene
Vesicles and bulla in an infant. Bullous varicella (chicken pox complicated by bullous impetigo)
Wattle: an unusual congenital anomaly
Sulfasalazine improves psoriasis. A double-blind analysis
Abnormalities of p53 protein expression in cutaneous disorders
Tar gel interaction with disulfiram
Telangiectases of the Distal Lower Extremities Associated With Paresthesia and Raynaud Phenomenon—Quiz Case
Fibrin- and fibrinogen-related antigens in patients with venous disease and venous ulceration
Psoralen plus UV-A-associated skin cancer: a likely role for human papillomavirus type 16?
Chloracne induced by 2,6-dichlorobenzonitrile
Hydroxyurea and pain in psoriatic lesions during ultraviolet-B radiation
Psoriasis and the Risk of Diabetes Mellitus
Cultures of skin biopsy tissue from immunocompromised patients with cancer and rashes
Follicular atrophoderma and basal cell carcinomas: the Bazex syndrome
Cutaneous manifestations and histologic findings in the hyperimmunoglobulinemia D syndrome. International Hyper IgD Study Group
Pseudocysts around the interphalangeal joints as a manifestation of calcinosis cutis in a patient with lupus nephritis undergoing hemodialysis
Cyclosporin A therapy for mycosis fungoides
Familial atypical multiple mole melanoma syndrome (FAMMM)
The acrodermatitis enteropathica-like syndrome
Bacillary angiomatosis presenting as a malleolar ulcer
North American blastomycosis: an unusual clinical manifestation
Precise ablation of skin with reduced collateral damage using the femtosecond-pulsed, terawatt titanium-sapphire laser
Clinical improvement following dermabrasion of photoaged skin correlates with synthesis of collagen I
Semipermeable occlusive dressings. Effects on growth of pathogenic bacteria and reepithelialization of superficial wounds
Telangiectases of the Distal Lower Extremities Associated With Paresthesia and Raynaud Phenomenon—Diagnosis
A variant of ichthyosis
Panniculitis. New findings in the 'third compartment'
Chronic urticaria-like lesions in systemic lupus erythematosus. A review of 12 cases
Physician's assistants in dermatology
Some aspects of impetigo herpetiformis
Cryotherapy of psoriasis
Analysis of tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes in cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma
Mycosis fungoides. Ultrastructural study with demonstration of atypical cells and nuclear bodies
Serratia marcescens cellulitis
Vesicular lesions in a woman with progressive systemic sclerosis. Penicillamine-induced intradermal vesicles: an example of human lathyrism
Rapidly progressing nodule in a patient with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome. Primary cutaneous B-cell lymphoma
Lichen sclerosus et atrophicus
Medical uses of intra-arterial injections of reserpine. Treatment of Raynaud syndrome and of some vascular insufficiencies of the lower extremities
Lymphomatoid papulosis and associated lymphomas. How are they related?
Multinucleate epidermal cells in measles
In memoriam. Carl Truman Nelson. 1908-1978
The idiopathic' inflammatory bowel diseases: their cause and pathogenesis
Antifungal activity of glutaraldehyde in vitro
Allergic contact dermatitis to 1,4-bis(isopropylamino)anthraquinone. Caused by a felt-tip marker pen
Epidermolysis bullosa simplex. A new histologic subgroup
Palmar keratoses and visceral cancer. A spurious relationship
Arsenical keratoses
Dermatology patient visits in the military
High-dose vitamin A therapy for Darier's disease
Intestinal bypass surgery
Dermal granulomatous inflammation to cornified cells. Significance near cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma
Alopecia areata
Dystrophic xanthomatosis in mycosis fungoides
The American Academy of Dermatology's response to managed care and capitation
Malacoplakia of skin and subcutaneous tissue in a renal transplant recipient
Topical use of haloprogin for candidiasis
Intranasal Theophylline Treatment of Hyposmia and Hypogeusia
Epidermal nevus with cutaneous endocrinal associations
Cyclosporine inhibits basic fibroblast growth factor-driven proliferation of human endothelial cells and keratinocytes
Fat cells in intradermal nevus do not contain S100 protein
HLA and epidermolysis bullosa
Fixed cutaneous sporotrichosis
Surface microtopography of normal human skin
Connective-tissue nevus. Dermatofibrosis lenticularis disseminata with osteopoikilosis
Thromboembolic disorders associated with psoriasis
Norwegian scabies in Bloom's syndrome
Turtleneck shirt and sweater acne
Letter: The Balm of Gilead
Pemphigus vegetans. Immunofluorescent and ultrastructural studies in a patient
The Time Has Come to Redefine the Classic Symptoms of Primary Hyperparathyroidism
Paraneoplastic Pemphigus With Anti–Laminin-332 Autoantibodies in a Patient With Follicular Dendritic Cell Sarcoma
Mounting evidence of paraben sensitivity in dogs
Mammary silicone granuloma. Migration of silicone fluid to abdominal wall and inguinal region
Malassezia (Pityrosporum) folliculitis occurring with granuloma annulare and alopecia areata
Dapsone-responsive, noninfectious verrucous pyoderma. Its occurrence following cisplatin therapy
Bacterial skin infections in preschool and school children in coastal Tanzania
Systemic lupus erythematosus presenting as a bullous eruption in a child
Photochemotherapy for mycosis fungoides
Griseofulvin-resistant dermatophytosis correlates with in vitro resistance
Generalized connective tissue nevi and ichthyosis in Down's syndrome
Idiopathic photodermatitis with a positive paraphenylenediamine photopatch test
Do We Really Need to Know?
The"half-and-half nail": a uremic onychopathy
A photonumeric scale for the assessment of cutaneous photodamage
Treatment of eczema herpeticum with acyclovir
Delayed purpuric reaction following superficial dermabrasion
Allergic contact dermatitis from ethyl sebacata in haloprogin cream
Fox-Fordyce disease treated with topical clindamycin solution
Acne secondary to white petrolatum use
Photographic cures for dermatologic disorders
Transient bullous eruption
Scar and keloidlike lesions in progeria. An electron-microscopic and immunohistochemical study
Dermatologic consultations in the hospital setting
The perineal eruption of Kawasaki syndrome
Woolly hair, palmoplantar keratoderma, and cardiac abnormalities: report of a family
Subcutaneous nodules in a man diagnosed as having tuberculosis. Disseminated actinomycosis
Chronic pruritus: an uncommon cause. Avian mite dermatitis caused by Ornithonyssus sylviarum (Northern fowl mite)
Cimetidine and psoriasis
Photoprotection and the vitamin D status of the elderly. A concern for dermatologists
Picture of the Month—Diagnosis
The effect of flash lamp-pulsed dye laser on psoriasis
Sweating in ectodermal dysplasia syndromes. A review
CD34 staining pattern distinguishes basal cell carcinoma from trichoepithelioma
Dermatomyositis in six patients without initial muscle involvement
Preoperative Hyponatremia
Porphyria cutanea tarda and hepatitis C viral infection. A clinical and virologic study
Congenital nevi less than or equal to 10 cm as precursors to melanoma. 52 cases, a review, and a new conception
Familial acanthosis nigricans
Iontophoresis of vinblastine into normal skin and for treatment of Kaposi's sarcoma in human immunodeficiency virus-positive patients. The Military Medical Consortium for Applied Retroviral Research
Tubular plastic as an occlusive dressing
White piedra: report of a case evaluated by scanning electron microscopy
Darier's disease and vitamin A. Concentrations of retinoids in serum and epidermis of untreated patients
PHACE syndrome. The association of posterior fossa brain malformations, hemangiomas, arterial anomalies, coarctation of the aorta and cardiac defects, and eye abnormalities
Basal cell carcinoma of the nail bed
Subungual basal cell epithelioma
The relationship of dermatomyositis and polymyositis to internal malignancy
Value of follow-up after treatment of basal cell carcinoma
Cutaneous manifestations of familial Mediterranean fever
Dermatology in the United Kingdom
Cutaneous reactions to azacitidine
Fibronectin. Localization in normal human skin, granulation tissue, hypertrophic scar, mature scar, progressive systemic sclerotic skin, and other fibrosing dermatoses
Dapsone-induced jaundice
Demonstration of Treponema pallidum in a cutaneous gumma by indirect immunofluorescence
Letter: Toxic epidermal necrolysis
Evaluation of two new color indicator media for diagnosis of dermatophytosis
Multiple glomus tumors. A clinical and electron microscopic study
Effect of intralesional alpha 2-interferon on actinic keratoses
Dermatology in Singapore at the crossroads
Dermatitis herpetiformis. Cutaneous deposition of polyclonal IgA1
Tumor angiogenic factor and human skin tumors
Total Knee Arthroplasty Volume, Utilization, and Outcomes Among Medicare Beneficiaries, 1991-2010
Umbilical metastasis from carcinoma of the colon
Treatment of psoriasis with plasmapheresis
Congenital multiple plaquelike glomus tumors
Toxic epidermal necrolysis and Stevens-Johnson syndrome. An epidemiologic study from West Germany
Treatment of pemphigus vulgaris with pulse intravenous cyclophosphamide
The skin and the prostaglandins
Generalized morphea: a side effect of valproate sodium?
Editorial: Tribute to an editor
Pernio. A possible association with chronic myelomonocytic leukemia
Skin lesions with disseminated toxoplasmosis in a patient with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Indurated facial plaques in a young man. Follicular mucinosis (FM) (alopecia mucinosa)
Exogenous nonphysiologic vs physiologic lipids. Divergent mechanisms for correction of permeability barrier dysfunction
Stellate spontaneous pseudoscars. Senile and presenile forms: especially those forms caused by prolonged corticoid therapy
Undergraduate dermatologic teaching. Results of a questionnaire survey in 1969
Clotrimazole vs haloprogin treatment of tinea cruris
The diagnostic value of morphometry on blood lymphocytes in erythrodermic actinic reticuloid
Long-term survival following bony metastases from basal cell carcinoma. Report of a case
Effects of topical fluorouracil on normal skin
What are adequate treatment and follow-up care for nonmelanoma cutaneous cancer?
Multiple cutaneous metastases of a scapular chondrosarcoma
Lucio's phenomenon and diffuse nonnodular lepromatous leprosy
An unusual transformation of a common wart in a child
Adverse cutaneous reaction to technetium Tc 99m methylene diphosphonate
Unilateral solar purpura as a manifestation of asymmetrical photodamage in taxi drivers
Progressive symmetric erythrokeratodermia. Histological and ultrastructural study of patient before and after treatment with etretinate
Cutaneous mucinosis in a patient with eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome associated with L-tryptophan ingestion
Disseminated Nocardia brasiliensis infection following cryptococcal disease
No apparent neurologic defect in a patient with xeroderma pigmentosum complementation group D
Squamous cell carcinoma arising in hidradenitis suppurativum
Rupia syphilitica
Outbreak of tropical rat mite dermatitis in laboratory personnel
Leishmania tropica infections in travellers
Isolated plantar fibromatosis
Cutaneous manifestations of human immunodeficiency virus infection. Part I
Skin metastasis from malignant neoplasms
Acute neutrophilic dermatosis associated with hydralazine-induced lupus
Aggressive basal cell carcinoma of the scalp
Recurrent palmoplantar hidradenitis in children
Enhanced interaction of patients' lymphocytes with human dermal microvascular endothelial cell cultures in active Adamantiades-Behcet disease
Epidermolytic hyperkeratosis associated with superficial basal cell carcinoma
Identification of a Homozygous PSTPIP1 Mutation in a Patient With a PAPA-Like Syndrome Responding to Canakinumab Treatment
Topical clindamycin treatment of acne. Clinical, surface lipid composition, and quantitative surface microbiology response
Letter: Cicatricial pemphigoid
Quality safeguards for managed care
Reddish-blue hands and feet. Acrocyanosis with atrophy
Morphology of Mycobacterium leprae in tissue sections. Correlation with results of mouse foot pad inoculation
Nevus cells of nerve sheath origin?
Treatment of hyperkeratotic dermatitis of the palms. Sequential treatment with a keratolytic gel and corticosteroid ointment
Management of chronic photosensitive eczema
Endemic superficial pyoderma in children
Mucha-Habermann disease mistaken for reticulum cell sarcoma
Disability Employment
Familial comedones. Evidence for autosomal dominant inheritance
Verrucous carcinoma in a reanl transplant patient after long-term immunosuppression
Juvenile xanthogranuloma, neurofibromatosis, and juvenile chronic myelogenous leukemia
The cutaneous amyloidoses. II. Systemic forms
A dermatitis-eosinophilia syndrome. Treatment with methylprednisolone pulse therapy
Histologic pseudomalignancies of the skin
'Membranous aplasia cutis' with hair collars. Congenital absence of skin or neuroectodermal defect?
Association Between Urinary Bisphenol A Concentration and Obesity Prevalence in Children and Adolescents
Cutaneous formation of vitamin D in psoriasis
Photoimmunology
A surplus of dermatologists. Wherefrom and whereto
The Torre syndrome with gastrointestinal polyposis
Vascular leiomyoma of the auricle
Limitations of carbon dioxide lasers for treatment of port-wine stains
Contact exposure to elemental iron causing chromonychia
Iodochlorhydroxyquin-hydrocortisone treatment of fungal infections. Double-blind trial
Pemphigus in Hartford County, Connecticut, from 1972 to 1977
Extramedullary hematopoiesis occurring in a hemangioma of the skin
Keratitis, ichthyosis, and deafness (KID) syndrome: suggested changes in terminology
Wells' syndrome: recurrent granulomatous dermatitis with eosinophilia
H3N2 Flu Virus Infections Increase During Fair Season
Goltz's syndrome and wound healing
Ethnic Blood Glucose Variations
Differential Diagnosis of Jakob-Creutzfeldt Disease
Lymphoid follicles in subcutaneous inflammatory disease
Herpes gestationis associated with choriocarcinoma
Advantages of electrocautery
Contact-group sensitization to triphenylmethane dyes. Gentian violet, brilliant green, and malachite green
Steroid-induced acanthosis nigricans in dermatomyositis
Letter: Changes in incidence of melanoma
Vesicobullous dermatosis with linear deposition of IgA in a black child
T-cell subsets in cutaneous sarcoidosis
Intralesional Ethanol for an Unresectable Epithelial Inclusion Cyst
Urticarial leukocytoclastic vasculitis with cold urticaria. Report of a case and review of the literature
Acne grading methods
Follicular eruptions of atopic dermatitis
Topical cyclosporine in alopecia areata
Malignant proliferating angioendotheliomatosis
No effect of topical tretinoin on lentigo maligna
Cutaneous manifestations of leprechaunism
Bullous impetigo. Occurrence of localized scalded skin syndrome in an adult
Multiple neck papules in a child with acute lymphocytic leukemia. Multiple basal cell carcinomas (BCCs)
Eye lesions of epidermolysis bullosa. Clinical features, management, and prognosis
Pigmented nevi of sole. A report of two cases with histologic evidence of hair follicle formation
Basal cell epithelioma in a BCG vaccination scar
Multiple clear cell acanthomas. A clinical, histological, and ultrastructural report
Mosaicism in human skin. Understanding the patterns and mechanisms
Multiple painful blue nodules. Multiple glomus tumors (glomangiomas)
The role of microorganisms in diaper dermatitis
Photosensitivity as the presenting illness in four patients with human immunodeficiency viral infection
Comparison between familial and nonfamilial melanoma in France
Guttate psoriasis, glomerulonephritis and streptococcal infection
Sarcoidosis manifesting as eyelid swelling
X-linked inheritance of epidermodysplasia verruciformis. Genetic and virologic studies of a kindred
Invasive cutaneous melanoma in elderly patients
Clotrimazole vs haloprogin in the treatment of tinea cruris
Inflammatory neovascular nodules associated with oral isotretinoin treatment of severe acne
Persistence of T-cell clones in psoriatic lesions
Occupational hazards from deep mycoses
Hypervitaminosis A in a patient with alopecia receiving renal dialysis
The dysplastic nevus syndrome
Unusual skin manifestation of brucellosis
Dermatologic manifestations of the hypereosinophilic syndrome
Stripping of the stratum corneum in patients with psoriasis: production of prepinpoint papules and psoriatic lesions
Pemphigus erythematosus provoked by allergic contact dermatitis. Occurrence many years after thymoma removal
Superficial mycoses: treatment with a new, broad-spectrum antifungal agent: 1% clotrimazole solution
Gluten-free diet in patients with dermatitis herpetiformis. Effect on the occurrence of antibodies to reticulin and gluten
Actinic reticuloid. A clinical, pathologic, and action spectrum study
Inhaled Corticosteroid Dose Adjustment in Mild Persistent Asthma
Factitious lip crusting
Eczema vaccinatum in Darier's disease
Postsurgical pemphigus
Ketotifen and neurofibromatosis
Treating patients with melanoma with interferon
Intralesional bleomycin therapy for leishmaniasis cutis
Atlantoaxial subluxation in psoriatic arthropathy
Implication of a Rare Deletion at Distal 16p11.2 in Schizophrenia
Topical antibiotics in dermatology
Pathology quiz case 2. Blue nevus (Jadassohn-Tieche)
Nevus lipomatosus cutaneus superficialis. A light and electron microscopic study
Primary benign chondroblastoma cutis: extraskeletal manifestation without bone involvement
Sclerosis of the skin in the GEMSS syndrome. An overproduction of normal collagen
Lichenoid graft-vs-host disease in an autologous bone marrow transplant recipient
Pigmented breast carcinoma. A clinical and histopathologic simulator of malignant melanoma
Melasma. Etiologic and therapeutic considerations
Prevention of hepatitis B
Can Implementation Science Help to Overcome Challenges in Translating Judicious Antibiotic Use Into Practice?
Staphylococcal infections in patients with atopic dermatitis
Linear papules on the neck of a child. Syringocystadenoma papilliferum
Following lentigo maligna may not prevent the development of life-threatening melanoma
Hypertrichosis of the eyelashes in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Posttreatment complications of the argon laser
Acute erythroderma as an exclusion criterion for idiopathic CD4+ T lymphocytopenia
The Case for Neoadjuvant Therapy in Locally Advanced Gastric Cancer
Acanthosis nigricans associated with a benign encephalopathy
Ultrastructural heterogeneity of epithelioid cells in cutaneous organized granulomas of diverse etiology
Drug eruptions from mesna. After cyclophosphamide treatment of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus and dermatomyositis
A patient with eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome
Mixed IgG-IgM cryoglobulinemia with follicular pustular purpura
Twenty-nail dystrophy. A clinical manifestation of spongiotic inflammation of the nail matrix
HLA-D locus associations in alopecia areata. DRw52a may confer disease resistance
Letter: Nail damage caused by weed killers and insecticides
Albinism and amelanotic melanoma: occurrence in a child with positive test results for tyrosinase
Correlation of antibodies in skin and serum with disease severity in pemphigus
Neurofibromatosis and hypertelorism
Pyoderma gangrenosum. Response to cyclophosphamide therapy
Photosensitivity owing to thiourea
Toxic epidermal necrolysis. A review of 75 cases in children
The recurrent basal cell epithelioma. A study of 100 cases of recurrent, re-treated basal cell epitheliomas
Mechlorethamine desensitization in therapy for mycosis fungoides. Topical desensitization to mechlorethamine (nitrogen mustard) contact hypersensitivity
Erythropoietic porphyria. Two cases and the results of metabolic alkalinization
Debilitating edema associated with itraconazole therapy
Port-wine stains. Morphologic variations and developmental lesions
Otago Glaucoma Surgery Outcome Study
Letter: Incorrect references
Generalized chronic dermatophytosis in patients with human immunodeficiency virus type I infection and CD4 depletion
Adamantinoid basal cell epithelioma. A histological variant
Acquired ichthyosis in a patient with systemic lupus erythematosus
Xanthomatized atypical T cells in a patient with mycosis fungoides and hyperlipidemia
Acitretin therapy is effective for psoriasis associated with human immunodeficiency virus infection
Tractional alopecia among Libyan women
Acute febrile neutrophilic dermatosis associated with Sjogren's syndrome
Blood Type Linked to Heart Disease Risk, But Clinical Significance Unlikely
Robert A. Pommerening, MD.--1916 to 1968
Insect Bites and Stings
Familial occurrence of confluent and reticulated papillomatosis
Cutaneous manifestations of acrodynia (pink disease)
Lichen sclerosus et atrophicus in a vaccination site
Are neutrophilic dermatoses during granulocytopenia really neutrophilic?
Total-body photographs of dysplastic nevi
Xanthomatosis and chylous lymphedema
Vitamins and alopecia
Computed Tomography in the Emergency Department Setting
Antiepithelial antibodies in prostatic cancer
Bilateral corneal opacities. Occurrence in a patient treated with oral isotretinoin
Letter: Fluoride toothpastes as a cause of acne-like eruptions
Scabies
Generalized dermal melanocytosis
Pigmented Purpura Over the Lower Extremities
Large-scale epidemiological study of the causal agents of onychomycosis: mycological findings from the Multicenter Onychomycosis Study of Terbinafine
Enlarging Facial Nodule on an Elderly Patient
Evaluating Tonsillectomy as a Risk Factor for Childhood Obesity
Cutaneous neural proliferation in highly pruritic lesions of chronic prurigo
Topically applied antifungal agents. Percutaneous penetration and prophylactic activity against trichophyton mentagrophytes infection
The Earlier the Longer: Disproportionate Time Allocated to Patients Discussed Early in Attending Physician Handoff Sessions
Chronic localized herpes zoster in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Metastatic cancer in guinea pigs irradiated with grenz rays
Immunologic studies in patients with sarcoidosis and cryptococcosis
Fluorouracil ointment treatment of porokeratosis of Mibelli
Relapsing polychondritis treated with dapsone
Congenital malalignment of the big toenail
Angiogenic capability of peripheral blood mononuclear cells in psoriasis
Oral administration of human dialyzable transfer factor in a patient with psoriasis
Severe herpetic gingivostomatitis associated with pemphigus vulgaris
Failure of leucovorin "rescue" in methotrexate treatment of psoriasis
Allergic contact dermatitis from TEA-Coco hydrolyzed protein
Pemphigus foliaceus in young women. An endemic focus in the Sousse area of Tunisia
Contact urticaria syndrome. Contact urticaria to diethyltoluamide (immediate-type hypersensitivity)
Safety and Efficacy of 0.5% Podofilox Gel in the Treatment of Anogenital Warts
Bilateral verrucous carcinoma of the feet
Torre's syndrome as phenotypic expression of cancer family syndrome
Treatment of Sepsis-Related Organ Dysfunction
The perpetual lessons of syphilis
Topical fibronectin therapy for treatment of a patient with chronic stasis ulcers
Phenytoin in the treatment of discoid lupus erythematosus
Synthesis of glycogen in the psoriatic lesion
Melanoma of the scalp presenting as poliosis circumscripta
Twenty-nail dystrophy of childhood
Inflammatory papules on the back of a traveling businessman. Tumbu fly myiasis
Improvement in androgenetic alopecia (stage V) using topical minoxidil in a retinoid vehicle and oral finasteride
Papillon-Lefevre syndrome. Ultrastructural study and successful treatment with acitretin
Subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus in multiple members of a family with C2 deficiency
Atypical FTA-ABS test reaction. An initial clue in the diagnosis of lupus erythematosus
Esophageal involvement in familial benign chronic pemphigus
Dermatomyositis. Electron microscopic, immunologic, and tissue culture studies of paramyxovirus-like inclusions
Hereditary congenital hypopigmented and hyperpigmented macules
Origin of Tancho's nodules
Prevention and early detection strategies for melanoma and skin cancer. Current status
Hepatitis C virus infection in patients with psoriasis
Retinoic acid treatment of nipple hyperkeratosis
Iatrogenic breast discharge with isotretinoin
Migraine and systemic scleroderma
Plane xanthoma and multiple myeloma with lipoprotein--paraprotein complexing
Arachidonic acid metabolites in cutaneous carcinomas. Evidence suggesting that elevated levels of prostaglandins in basal cell carcinomas are associated with an aggressive growth pattern
Pitted keratolysis: a new form of treatment
Fibrillary protein deposits with tubular substructure in a systemic disease beginning as cutis laxa
Effect of topical application of glycine and proline on recalcitrant leg ulcers of prolidase deficiency
Progress in Obesity Research
Staphylococcus aureus in psoriasis
Does pityrosporum ovale have a role in psoriasis?
Familial focal alopecia. A new disorder of hair growth clinically resembling pseudopelade
Erythroplasia of Queyrat
Immunotherapy for leprosy
Possible mechanism of piroxicam-induced photosensitivity
Lichen planus in monozygotic twins
Scleroderma
Lichen amyloidosis in Alagille syndrome
Glomus tumor of the nail. A 'red herring' clarified by magnetic resonance imaging
Perianal apocrine gland adenoma
Primary cutaneous inoculation tuberculosis
Clofazimine in the treatment of pyoderma gangrenosum
Treatment of actinomycetoma with dapsone. A report of infection with Nocardia asteroides
Recurrent erysipelas caused by group B streptococcus organisms
Cryotherapy for herpes simplex infections
Topical antipsoriatic agents and epidermal mitosis in man
Metaphysical urticaria
Photocontact dermatitis to halogenated salicylanilides and related compounds. Our experience between 1967 and 1975
Acyclovir therapy for eczema herpeticum in infants
Perspective on isotretinoin
Topical tretinoin and epithelial wound healing
Undermining subcutaneous island flaps
Sunlight exposure, pigmentary factors, and risk of nonmelanocytic skin cancer. I. Basal cell carcinoma
Plantar erythema nodosum: cases in two children
Softening techniques for nail biopsies
Pigmentation after thioridazine
Bullous eruption of diabetes mellitus
Yaws
Generalized malignant acanthosis nigricans
Adnexal carcinoma masquerading as a granuloma fissuratum
'Moisturizers' and perioral dermatitis
Apparently normal skin in lepromatous leprosy: histopathological findings
School desk dermatitis. Primary irritant contact dermatitis to fiberglass
Amyloid deposition after psoriasis therapy with psoralen and long-wave ultraviolet light
The Sezary syndrome. A case with fetal-type glycogen and lymphocytic lymphoma
Metastatic prostate carcinoma manifesting as penile nodules
Atrophic macules in an infant. Goltz syndrome (focal dermal hypoplasia [FDH] syndrome)
Letter: IgM deposits in tuberculoid leprosy
Antinuclear antibodies. II. The prognostic significance of nuclear immunofluorescent patterns in lupus erythematosus
Value of history and testing in suspected contact dermatitis
Cytarabine-induced palmar-plantar erythema
Epidermolysis bullosa hereditaria letalis. Clinical and histological manifestations and course of the disease
Freedom to Innovate: The Perils of Centralized Medical Research—Reply
Widespread eczematous dermatitis with erythematous facial plaques. Alopecia mucinosa (follicular mucinosis [FM]) with possible mycosis fungoides (MF)
Personal response to the sixth conference of the Association of Professors of Dermatology. Changing currents in undergraduate and postgraduate medicine--their impact on dermatology
Annual rate of psoralen and ultraviolet-A treatment of psoriasis after initial clearing
Benign mucous membrane pemphigoid
Cholinergic urticaria. A clinical and histologic study
Acne vulgaris therapy
Decision Making at the Fringe of Evidence: Take What You Can Get
Skin sensitivity to UV-B radiation is differentially increased by exposure to water and different salt solutions
T-cell receptor gene rearrangement in regressing atypical histiocytosis
Allergic contact dermatitis from nystatin
Hearing aid dermatitis
Survival at Any Cost?
Zinc, essential fatty acids, and prostaglandins
Small volume plasmapheresis in the management of porphyria cutanea tarda
Viral-like syndrome associated with minocycline
Treatment of staphylococcal toxic epidermal necrolysis
What is the basic defect in genetic disease?
Dysplastic anxiety
Eccrine syringofibroadenomatosis (Mascaro) with mucous involvement
Isotretinoin therapy for progressive systemic sclerosis
Long-term follow-up of skin cancer in the PUVA-48 cooperative study
Pathology quiz case 1: cutaneous leiomyoma (familial)
Pseudopseudohypoparathyroidism with fibrous dysplasia
Midline cutaneous and spinal defects. Midline cutaneous abnormalities associated with occult spinal disorders
Medical defense against blistering chemical warfare agents
Coexistent psoriasis and bullous pemphigoid: a report of six cases
Roentgen-rays in the treatment of skin diseases and for the removal of hair. July 1900 (J Cutan Genitourin Dis)
Neurofibromatosis. The importance of localized or otherwise atypical forms
Fournier's gangrene: the human counterpart of the local Shwartzman phenomenon?
Benign lichenoid keratosis
Diminishing Importance of Screening and Treating Children for Vesicoureteral Reflux After a First Urinary Tract Infection
Papular angioplasia. Vascular papules of the face and scalp simulating malignant vascular tumors
Letter: Combined chemotherapy COP in treatment of mycosis fungoides
Usual scabies with nail infestation
Letter: Use and misuse of "epidemiology"
Atypical fibroxanthoma masquerading as pyogenic granuloma
Urticaria and angioedema due to topically applied chloramphenicol ointment
Perianal skin plaque in a child. Crohn's disease
Dermatitis and nutritional deficiency. Diagnostic and therapeutic considerations
Cellulitis caused by Staphylococcus epidermidis in a patient with leukemia
Malignant melanoma and a squamous cell carcinoma in recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa
Epidermotropic metastatic squamous cell carcinoma. Report of two cases showing histologic continuity between epidermis and metastasis
Assay of topical corticosteroids. Efficacy of suppression of experimental Rhus dermatitis in humans
Psoriasis, stress, and strain
Linear eccrine nevus with comedones
Acquired immunodeficiency syndrome in a patient affected by hereditary coproporphyria: safety of zidovudine treatment
Scattered persistent annular lesions on the thigh of a child
Bowen's disease and internal malignant diseases. A study of 581 patients
Detection of the interferon-gamma-induced protein 10 in psoriasiform dermatitis of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Cutaneous manifestations of tumoral calcinosis
Incorrect Data and Conflict of Interest Disclosures in: Number and Order of Whole Cell Pertussis Vaccines in Infancy and Disease Protection
Pachyonychia congenita with cardiac involvement
Psoralen photochemotherapy (PUVA) and pregnancy
Linear unilateral basal cell nevus with comedones
Bleeding Risk With Ischemic Stroke Therapy
Association of prurigo with hepatitis C virus infection
Clinicopathologic correlations in Alibert-type mycosis fungoides
Recurrent staphylococcal infection in families
Severe hypersensitivity reaction to gold. Positive lymphocyte transformation test
Formation of the acrosyringium
Cutaneous cytomegalovirus or disseminated verrucous varicella zoster
Ichthyosis hystrix
On the question of psoriatic enteropathy
Transient acantholytic dermatosis. Electron microscope study
Effect of Obesity and Medical Comorbidities on Outcomes After Adjunct Surgery for Obstructive Sleep Apnea in Cases of Adenotonsillectomy Failure
Diffuse cutaneous mastocytosis. Treatment with oral psoralen plus UV-A
Atypical fibroxanthoma. A study with antibody to S-100 protein
T cells and T-cell subsets in mycosis fungoides and parapsoriasis. A study of 18 cases with anti-human T-cell monoclonal antibodies and histochemical techniques
Fatal cytomegalic inclusion disease. Associated skin manifestations in a renal transplant patient
Zidovudine-induced nail pigmentation
Epidermal activity in annular dermatophytosis
Multiple exostoses syndrome presenting as nail malalignment and longitudinal dystrophy of fingers
Cutaneous involvement in sarcoidosis. Relationship to systemic disease
Current concepts in the immunology of leprosy
Metabolic alkalinization in porphyria cutanea tarda
Renal vasculitis and Bowen's disease
Charles Clayton Dennie 1883-1971
Speckled lentiginous nevus
Treatment of infected cyst of the back in ancient China
Dilantin hypersensitivity syndrome imitating staphylococcal toxic shock
Dermatologists for the nation. Projections of supply and demand
Use of human skin reconstructs in the study of pigment modifiers
Lymphoproliferative responses to Borrelia burgdorferi in patients with erythema migrans, acrodermatitis chronica atrophicans, lymphadenosis benigna cutis, and morphea
Distal phalangeal atrophy secondary to topical steroid therapy
Infiltrated blue-gray plaques in a patient with leukemia. Chloroma (granulocytic sarcoma)
Treatment of warts by vaccination
Examination of baseline levels of carboxypeptidase N and complement components as potential predictors of angioedema associated with the use of an angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor
Variably acid-fast bacteria in a fatal case of Hodgkin's disease
Potential hazards of dinitrochlorobenzene (DNCB) disputed
Goodpasture's syndrome associated with skin involvement
Cutaneous amebiasis
Polarized light examination and photography of the skin
Cutaneous extramedullary hematopoiesis in a patient with acute myelofibrosis
Letter: Podiatric literature
Photosensitive lichenoid eruption associated with demeclocycline
Increased serum concentration of the soluble interleukin-2 receptor in cutaneous T-cell lymphoma. Clinical and prognostic implications
Mycosis fungoides? Sezary syndrome
Pulsed dye laser-resistant port-wine stains
The greed of dermatologists
Letter: Paired hairs
Allergic reaction to benzophenone. Simultaneous occurrence of urticarial and contact sensitivities
Increased Prevalence of Diverse N -Methyl-D-Aspartate Glutamate Receptor Antibodies in Patients With an Initial Diagnosis of Schizophrenia
Multiple black nodules on the thumb. Dorsal mucoid cysts of the finger
Presidential address for the Dermatology Foundation
Placental transfer of anticytoplasmic antibodies in annular erythema of newborns
Skin lesions in paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria
Pigmented lesion on the back. Pigmented hidroacanthoma simplex (HS) (intraepidermal acrospiroma)
IgE antibodies to Staphylococcus aureus. Prevalence in patients with atopic dermatitis
A cure for recurrent herpes simplex
Mycosis fungoides palmaris et plantaris
Absence of estrogen receptor in human melanoma as evaluated by a monoclonal antiestrogen receptor antibody
A diffuse pustular eruption associated with ulcerative colitis
Pyoderma gangrenosum with pulmonary involvement
Preoperative Urine Cultures at a Veterans Affairs Medical Center
The effects of isotretinoin on the axial skeleton and the retinoid effect
Photosensitive dermatitis due to pyritinol
Toxic epidermal necrolysis. Clinical findings and prognosis factors in 87 patients
Nail dystrophy following intralesional injections of bleomycin for a periungual wart
Acantholytic epidermolysis bullosa
Off-label Atypical Antipsychotics
Search for a causal agent of psoriasis by seroepidemiologic methods
Chronic actinic dermatitis. A unifying concept
Acute febrile neutrophilic dermatosis (Sweet's syndrome). Association with rheumatoid vasculitis
Malignant melanoma in southern Arizona. Increasing incidence and sunlight as an etiologic factor
Planning teaching slides
Accidental intraocular injection with Dermojet syringe
Granuloma and pseudogranuloma of the skin due to Microsporum canis. Successful management with local injections of miconazole
The size of lesions, or point counting as a step toward the solution of the PASI problem
Usefulness of paraclinical follow-up in stage I melanoma
Combined H1 and H2 antihistamine therapy in chronic urticaria
Controlling Health Care Costs in Massachusetts With a Global Spending Target
Ocular rosacea. Current concepts and therapy
Cutaneous complications of pentazocine injections
Anticentromere and anticentriole antibodies in the scleroderma spectrum
The so-called idiopathic scrotal calcinosis
Erthropoietic protoporphyria
Curious comedo genesis
Crossover study of thalidomide vs placebo in severe recurrent aphthous stomatitis
Xanthomata in primary hyperlipoproteinemia. A classification based on the lipoprotein pattern of the blood
Lever's Histopathology of the Skin
Neutrophilic spongiosis in pemphigus
Painful distal erythema and thrombocytosis. Erythromelalgia secondary to thrombocytosis
Azaribine, homocystinemia, and thrombosis
Dermal mucinosis in the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome
Transgenic models of skin diseases
Eruptive capillary hemangiomas
High titers of antibodies to single-stranded DNA in linear scleroderma
Leg band-limited latex dermatitis from a common method of underwear construction
Pityriasis lichenoides et varioliformis "(chronica)"
No detection of Borrelia burgdorferi-specific DNA in erythema migrans lesions after minocycline treatment
Congenital cutis laxa syndrome: relation of joint dislocations to oligohydramnios
Electron microscopy in amyloidosis
Necrotizing fasciitis due to group A beta-hemolytic streptococci
Perinatal gangrene of the buttock: a spontaneous condition
Ultraviolet A (UV-A) and cholestatic pruritus
Sick Leave Benefits
Bullous amyloidosis
Malignant melanoma. Treatment with high-dose combination alkylating agent chemotherapy and autologous bone marrow support
Effects of methotrexate esters on normal and psoriatic skin
Halo nevus with exceptional clinical features. Apparent arrest of nevus cell degeneration and return of pigment to halo
Photosensitization by coumarin derivatives
A linear fibrous cord and ulcer of the lower limb: a limited form of a rare dysmorphic syndrome (faciogenitopopliteal syndrome)
Annular atrophic plaques of the face. A variety of atrophic discoid lupus erythematosus?
Reticulate pigmented anomaly of the flexures. Dowing Degos disease, a new genodermatosis
Refractory bullous pemphigoid leading to respiratory arrest and successfully treated with plasmapheresis
Discoid lupus erythematosus
Urticarial skin eruption in a child. Leukemia cutis
Developmental arteriovenous malformation with secondary angiodermatitis. Report of a case
Topical therapy of psoriasis with mechlorethamine
Giant melanosomes in multiple lentigines syndrome
Acute paronychia after high-dose methotrexate therapy
Dapsone agranulocytosis
The complement system and the skin: an overview
Francis Alva Ellis, MD, Oct 3, 1899 to Dec 6, 1969
Special techniques in dermatology
Letter: Bullous pemphigoid
The treatment of acyclovir-resistant herpes zoster with trifluorothymidine and interferon alfa
Reduced DNA repair in cultured melanocytes and nevus cells from a patient with xeroderma pigmentosum
Modern radiotherapy for malignant epitheliomas
Hemochromatosis and the skin
Comedogenicity of human sebum
Refractory hypoglycemia: a complication of topical salicylate therapy
Lymphangitis and Refractory Lymphedema After Treatment With Topical Cantharidin
Proteus syndrome
Correction of Caudal Septal Deviation and Deformity Using Nasal Septal Bone Grafts
Otodectes cynotis infestation
Psoriasis overlying an epidermal nevus
Comparing dressings on crusted wounds yields flawed information
Squamous cell carcinoma arising in an epidermal cyst
Molluscum contagiosum. Ultrastructural evidence for its presence in skin adjacent to clinical lesions in patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus type 1. Military Medical Consortium for Applied Retroviral Research
Scleredema in an infant
Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome and Generalized Pustular Psoriasis: Another Case Report
Sequence of reconstitution of seven basement-membrane components following split-thickness wound induction in primate skin
Skin abnormalities in neurofibromatosis 2
Basal cell nevus syndrome
Hair color and alopecia areata
Hair loss with rapid weight loss
Contact urticaria
Leg ulcers and Klinefelter's syndrome
Cactus granulomas of the skin. An allergic phenomenon
Leukonychia striae
Vitamin A and keratinization
Polymorphous light erutpion and lupus erythematosus. Differential diagnosis by fluorescent microscopy
Sarcoidosis associated with mycosis fungoides
Phytophotodermatitis from celery among grocery store workers
Seborrheic dermatitis-like eruption caused by cimetidine
Intravenous desensitization to mechlorethamine in patients with psoriasis
How to Use a Noninferiority Trial
Skin appendage tumors
Eruption in a Patient With Crohn Disease—Quiz Case
Immunopathology of epidermolysis bullosa acquisita. Association with mixed cryoglobulinemia
Penetration of topical steroid preparations
"Cutaneous manifestations of internal malignant tumors" by Becker, Kahn and Rothman, June 1942. Commentary: Migratory necrolytic erythema
Systemic plasmacytosis and the Crow-Fukase syndrome
An acne grading method using photographic standards
A rapidly progressive papulovesicular eruption. Eczema herpeticum/Kaposi's varicelliform eruption
Malignant neoplasms of the paranasal sinuses involving the skin
The role of genetic variation in thiopurine methyltransferase activity and efficacy and/or side effects of azathioprine therapy in dermatologic patients
Nodular superficial pigmented basal cell epitheliomas
Epidermolysis bullosa dystrophica with epidermal neoplasms
Pseudomembranous colitis caused by topical clindamycin phosphate
Argon laser-port-wine stain interaction. Immediate effects
Linear eccrine poroma
Extrafacial granuloma faciale
Congenital self-healing reticulohistiocytosis. A new entity in the differential diagnosis of neonatal papulovesicular eruptions
Pseudoainhum constricting bands of the extremities
Lentigo maligna of the fingertip. Clinical, histologic, and ultrastructural studies of two cases
Parents' use of sunscreen on beach-going children. The burnt child dreads the fire
Epithelioid sarcoma. Report of a case
Pathology quiz case 1: Sebaceous adenoma
Early leprosy with perineural proliferation
Letter: Seroreversal after treatment of secondary syphilis
Pruritic specific cutaneous infiltrates in leukemia and lymphoma
Neurotropic Melanoma. A variant of desmoplastic melanoma
Rapid hemostasis with Monsel's solution
Scraping for human scabies. A better method for positive preparations
A child with antibodies targeting both linear IgA bullous dermatosis and bullous pemphigoid antigens
Hypophosphatemic vitamin D-resistant rickets, precocious puberty, and the epidermal nevus syndrome
B-cell lymphoma after cyclosporine for keratosis lichenoides chronica
Pilosebaceous dysplasia in the oral-facial-digital syndrome
Letter: Photoinactivation therapy and herpes simplex
Autoimmunity as a complication of interleukin 2 immunotherapy. Many unanswered questions
Cutaneous protothecosis presenting as recurrent chromomycosis
Recurrent Schonlein-Henoch syndrome
Facilitated wound healing using transparent film dressing following Mohs micrographic surgery
Immunoregulatory events in the skin of patients with cutaneous T-cell lymphoma
Reversible Pure Word Deafness
Letter: In support of hexachlorophene
Focal acantholytic dyskeratosis
Neutrophilic dermatoses during granulocytopenia
Arcanobacterium haemolyticum pharyngitis and exanthem. Three case reports and literature review
Letter: Depigmentation caused by a phenolic detergent-germicide
Vitiligo in a black population
Letter: 2,4-Dinitrochlorobenzene therapy for plantar warts
Violaceous plaques on the lower extremities. Cutaneous macroglobulinosis
Cyclosporine in psoriasis treatment. Inhibition of keratinocyte cell-cycle progression in G1 independent of effects on transforming growth factor alpha/epidermal growth factor receptor pathways
Benign mucous membrane pemphigoid. Response to therapy with cyclophosphamide
Dermatology. Positioned for health care reform
Liver biopsies upsilon liver scans in methotrexate-treated patients with psoriasis
Cutis punctata linearis colli
Topically applied antibiotics in acne vulgaris: clinical response and suppression of Corynebacterium acnes in open comedones
Focal dermal hypoplasia syndrome. The second known case in Japan
Congenital arrector pili hamartoma. A case report and review of the spectrum of Becker's melanosis and pilar smooth-muscle hamartoma
Epidermal grafting using the tops of suction blisters in the treatment of vitiligo
Treatment of relapsing polychondritis with dapsone
Letter: Variegate porphyria
Erythematous, hemorrhagic, and necrotic plaques in an elderly man. Coumarin-induced skin necrosis
Recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa skin displays a chronic growth-activated immunophenotype. Implications for carcinogenesis
Concurrence of lupus erythematosus and dermatitis herpetiformis. A report of nine cases
Rapid quantitative assay for erythrocyte porphyrins
Juvenile linear scleroderma associated with serologic abnormalities
Alopecia mucinosa with neurofollicular changes
Umbilical lesion in a young child. Omphalomesenteric duct (OMD) polyp
Histoplasmosis of skin and lymph nodes and chronic lymphocytic leukemia
Tissue expansion in cicatricial alopecia
Dermal melanocytosis associated with cleft lip
Phototoxic potential of thiazide diuretics in normal subjects
Hodgkin disease in Hansen disease
Augmentation mammoplasty and scleroderma. Is there an association?
Lichen sclerosus at atrophicus
Posttraumatic occurrence of infantile digital fibromatosis. A histologic and electron microscopic study
Comparison of phototherapy (UV-B) and photochemotherapy (PUVA) for clearing and maintenance therapy of psoriasis
Metastatic Crohn's disease of the face: an uncommon presentation
UV-B. Unanswered questions
Hospital treatment of psoriasis. A modified anthralin program
The histopathologic spectrum of palisaded neutrophilic and granulomatous dermatitis in patients with collagen vascular disease
Pityriasis rubra pilaris. Prolonged treatment with methotrexate
Reviewers Who Completed A Review in 1997
Elephantiasis nostras verrucosa of the panniculus
Erythema elevatum diutinum treated with niacinamide and tetracycline
Inhibition of a model of in vitro granuloma formation by tetracyclines and ciprofloxacin. Involvement of protein kinase C
Intensified contact sensitization to benzyl salicylate. Phototoxic effects of topical psoralen therapy
Detection of Borrelia burgdorferi DNA (B garinii or B afzelii) in morphea and lichen sclerosus et atrophicus tissues of German and Japanese but not of US patients
Perifollicular hypopigmentation. A cause of variegate pigmentation and irregular border in melanocytic nevi
Thyroid acropachy
U1RNP antibody-positive neonatal lupus. A report of two cases with immunogenetic studies
Evaluation of the earlobe in leprosy. A clinical and histopathological study
Universal inherited melanodyschromatosis: a case of melanosis universalis hereditaria?
Quadrant distribution of dysplastic nevus syndrome
Recovery of tritiated thymidine after intradermal injection
Microscopically controlled surgery in the treatment of carcinoma of the scalp
Cornoid lamella in pachyonychia congenita
Filariasis caused by Acanthocheilonema perstans
Hypertrichosis lanuginosa acquisita. Report of a case and review of the literature
A Double-blind, Controlled Clinical Trial of Homeopathy and an Analysis of Lunar Phases and Postoperative Outcome
Treatment of mycosis fungoides with topical nitrosourea compounds
Daniel J. Kindel. 1901-1969
Granular cell myoblastoma
Mycobacterium marinum granuloma. A disease acquired in the tributaries of Chesapeake Bay
Bullous pemphigoid in children
The cause of dermatitis herpetiformis
Cobb syndrome
Some gerontologic considerations in the practice of dermatology
Ectodermal dysplasia in Cape Verdian families
Primary biliary cirrhosis
Perioral dermatitis
Painful palmar-plantar erythema in myeloproliferative disease
Risk assessment of PUVA and cyclosporine. Lessons from the past; challenges for the future
Pigmentovascular nevus
Transfer factor as therapeutic agent in mycosis fungoides
Antinuclear and anti-single-stranded DNA antibodies in morphea and generalized morphea
Treatment of coumarin-induced skin necrosis with a monoclonal antibody purified protein C concentrate
Interleukin 1
Antibacterial properties of lidocaine on bacteria isolated from dermal lesions
Laws mandating premarital serologic tests for syphilis should be repealed
Lichen planus pemphigoides with features of lichen planus and pemphigus vulgaris
Intravenous atypical vascular proliferation. A cutaneous lesion simulating a malignant blood vessel tumor
Stanozolol in the treatment of pityriasis rubra pilaris
The expanding clinical spectrum of multisystem disease associated with eosinophilia
Giant pedunculated seborrheic keratosis
Starch granulomas
Papules on the lower limbs of a woman with cervical lymphadenopathy. Lichen scrofulosorum
Fetal and maternal risk factors in herpes gestationis
Solar urticaria. Determinations of action and inhibition spectra
Acral Melanoma in the French West Indies (Martinique)
Letter: Juxta-clavicular beaded lines
Confluent and reticulated papillomatosis of Gougerot and Carteaud: minocycline deserves trial before etretinate
Localization of Peutz-Jeghers macules to psoriatic plaques
Dermatologic manifestations of fatal granulomatous disease of childhood
An experiment in medical journalism
Oral cavity pyogenic granuloma
Elastolytic cutaneous lesions in myeloma-associated amyloidosis
The influence of NIH training grants in dermatology on the growth and development of American dermatology
Nevoid follicular epidermolytic hyperkeratosis
Grief in Health Care Professionals: When Screening for Major Depression Is Needed
The Cumulative Effect of Unemployment on Risks for Acute Myocardial Infarction
Immunoglobulins and complement C' 3 in lichen amyloidosus. Immunofluorescent study
Diabetes Mellitus Nutrition Therapy: Beyond the Glycemic Index
Older Adults With Severe, Treatment-Resistant Depression
Aspiration therapy in steatocystoma multiplex
Scalp infestation with Phthirus pubis
Low Rates of Short- and Long-term Graft Loss After Kidney-Pancreas Transplant From a Single Center
Treatment of acrodermatitis enteropathica with zinc sulfate
Firm Plaque of the Forearm in a Patient With Hodgkin Lymphoma
The birds, the bees, and the bats
Localized vs generalized pyogenic granuloma. A clinicopathologic study
Letter: Cutaneous pseudolymphoma resulting from antigen injections
Primary osteoma cutis
Pilot study of topical calcitriol (1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3) for treating psoriasis in children
National program for dermatology
bcl-2 expression in primary malignancies of the skin
Pityriasis rotunda. A cutaneous marker of hepatocellular carcinoma in South African blacks
Punctate porokeratotic keratoderma
Juvenile xanthogranuloma, neurofibromatosis, and juvenile chronic myelogenous leukemia. World statistical analysis
Eye diseases induced by topically applied steroids. The thin edge of the wedge
Gastrointestinal absorption of griseofulvin from corn oil-in-water emulsions: effect of amount of corn oil ingested in man
Recent advances in androgen metabolism and their relation to the skin
Prevalence and Prognosis of Unrecognized Myocardial Infarction Determined by Cardiac Magnetic Resonance in Older Adults
A possible histiocytoma in an Egyptian mummy
Favus: twenty indigenous cases in the province of Quebec
Methotrexate-induced carcinoma?
Cutaneous Hodgkin's disease
Cutaneous lymphangioma
Dispositional Optimism and the Risk of Cardiovascular Death: The Zutphen Elderly Study
Botryomycosis in pierced ears
Juvenile hyaline fibromatosis. A 15-year follow-up
Drug rash in a hemiplegic
A previously undescribed ectodermal dysplasia of the tricho-odonto-onychial subgroup in a family
Exfoliative cytology of psoriasis and other common dermatoses. Quantitative analysis of parakeratotic horny cells in 266 patients
Case presented by Don E. Suter, MD
Abnormalities of T-cell subsets in Behcet's syndrome
Bedsore of an unknown primary site
Topically applied fluocinonide in an adhesive base in the treatment of oral vesiculoerosive diseases
Commentary: neonatal lupus erythematosus
Topical Chemotherapy in Cutaneous T-cell Lymphoma
Severe sclerodermalike manifestations of the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome despite concomitant colchicine therapy
Isolated plantar cerebriform collagenoma
Perforating granuloma annulare in a patient with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome. Immunohistologic evaluation of the cellular infiltrate
Maternal Adherence Factors in the Treatment of Pediatric Atopic Dermatitis
Multiple hyperpigmented nodules. Multiple dermatofibromas in a patient with systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)
Giant Cellulitis-like Sweet Syndrome, a New Variant of Neutrophilic Dermatosis
Letter: Topical steroid antibiotic combinations
Skin reactions to propranolol and cross sensitivity to beta-adrenoreceptor blocking agents
Recurrent toxin-mediated perineal erythema
Methoxsalen and multiple basal cell carcinomas
Administrative Databases and Trends in In-Hospital Deaths in Pulmonary Embolism
Treatment of aphthous stomatitis by suppression of intralesional streptococci
Sarcoidosis with cutaneous lesions localized to the dorsum of the feet. A case report
Recurrent scarring ulcers of the oral mucosa. Sutton disease (periadenitis mucosa necrotica recurrens
"Clinical significance of autoantibodies in pemphigus" by Chorzelski, Von Weiss and Lever, May 1966. Commentary: Clinical importance of autoantibodies in pemphigus
Cutaneous hypermelanosis and intramelanotic lipid droplets
Image of the Year for 2012
Clindamycin therapy for moderately severe acne
Does cellophane tape stripping remove the horny layer?
Diabetes mellitus. New developments
Haloprogin and nystatin therapy for cutaneous candidiasis. Comparison of the efficacy of haloprogin and nystatin therapy
Minocycline-related hyperpigmentation
Anthracene with near ultraviolet light inhibiting epidermal proliferation
Pemphigus-like antibodies in cicatricial pemphigoid
Lipoma on the shoulder in site of chronic trauma
Annular hyperkeratosis. Porokeratosis of Mibelli
IgA deficiency and systemic lupus erythematosus. Occurrence in an oriental woman with idiopathic epilepsy
Recurring digital fibrous tumor of childhood
Facial and acral wartlike papules. Multiple hamartoma syndrome or Cowden's disease
Epidermolysis bullosa
Interdigital athlete's foot. The interaction of dermatophytes and resident bacteria
Congenital temporal alopecia
Giant ulcerated tumor and bone destruction in a patient with mycosis fungoides
Hypopharyngeal and laryngeal involvement with Darier disease
A letter from Darier to Bowen on the naming of Bowen's disease
Lymphomatoid papulosis
Multiple keratoacanthomas associated with steatocystoma multiplex and rheumatoid arthritis. A case report
Pseudorecidive following excision of a basal cell epithelioma
Oral treatment of keratinizing disorders of skin and mucous membranes with etretinate. Comparative study of 113 patients
Establishment of a Cutaneous Flap Animal Model to Study Platelet and Leukocyte Dynamics After Ischemia-Reperfusion Injury
Microvascular injury in lymphomatoid granulomatosis involving the skin. An ultrastructural study
Furunculosis and hidradenitis suppurativa response
Woringer-Kolopp disease (pagetoid reticulosis). Four cases with histopathologic, ultrastructural, and immunohistologic observations
Complications of cutaneous surgery in patients who are taking warfarin, aspirin, or nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs
Evaluation of seven sunscreens on hairless mouse skin
Orchid allergy
Pemphigus vulagis involving the esophagus
Solar pruritus
Harvey Blank's impact on dermatology
Eradication of Helicobacter pylori as the only successful treatment in rosacea
Contact dermatitis to mafenide acetate
Acquired linear dermal melanocytosis. Nerve course distribution
Treatment of mycosis fungoides with topical nitrosourea compounds: Further studies
Macular skin lesion and monoclonal lymphoplasmacytoid infiltrates. Occurrence in primary Waldenstrom's macroglobulinemia
Diagnosis and surgical treatment of congenital cartilaginous rests of the neck
Generalized eruptive histiocytoma. A clinical, histologic, and ultrastructural study
GlyRα1, GAD65, Amphiphysin, and Gephyrin Autoantibodies
Severe cutaneous drug reactions (Stevens-Johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis) in human immunodeficiency virus infection
Cutaneous T-cell lymphoma in association with a monoclonal gammopathy
The rash of roses
Generalized exfoliative dermatitis from ethylenediamine
Letter: Multiple mucosal neuroma syndrome
Cutaneous manifestations of lymphomatoid granulomatosis. Report of 44 cases and a review of the literature
External anogenital lesions in organ transplant recipients. A clinicopathologic and virologic assessment
Uniovular twins discordant for cutaneous mastocytosis
High-dose tetracycline therapy in severe acne
Health Care Use During 20 Years Following Bariatric Surgery
Partial lipodystrophy and dermatomyositis
Azathioprine therapy in incomplete Behcet syndrome
Letter: Nevus comedonicus
Letter: Acrodermatitis enteropathica-like clinical findings in two children
Aquagenic urticaria
Dermatology in Australia
Persistent facial swelling in a patient with rosacea. Rosacea lymphedema
Molluscum contagiosum occurring in epidermal inclusion cysts
Epidermotropic urothelial carcinoma involving the glans penis
Infections caused by black fungi
Multiple basal cell carcinoma 58 years after X-ray therapy
Pachydermodactyly: a case of an unusual type of reactive digital fibromatosis
The sign of Leser-Trelat in association with Sezary syndrome: simultaneous disappearance of seborrheic keratoses and malignant T-cell clone during combined therapy with photopheresis and interferon alfa
Endogenous retroviral sequences in the pathogenesis of systemic autoimmune disease
Errors in Text and Figure Legend in: Effect of a Single-Cycle Alternative Dosing Regimen for Rituximab for Recalcitrant Pemphigus
Onychomadesis associated with pemphigus vulgaris
Which hemangiomas to treat--and how?
Doxorubicin and unusual skin manifestations
Pityriasis rosea in infancy
Trichomycosis pubis
Familial alopecia areata. HLA antigens and autoantibody formation in an American family
Phenytoin therapy for junctional epidermolysis bullosa
Vesicular pityriasis rosea
Congenital basal cell carcinoma
Glucagonoma syndrome. Report of two cases and literature review
Acne fulminans: investigation of acute febrile ulcerative acne
Bullous eruption of diabetes mellitus. Bullosis diabeticorum
No evidence for a relation between Borrelia burgdorferi infection and old lesions of localized scleroderma (morphea)
Rosacea. Pathophysiology and treatment
Prednisone therapy for alopecia areata. A follow-up report
Letter: Idiopathic pigmentation of the upper back
Surgical ligation of dilated external carotid artery improves associated port-wine stain
X-linked dominant ichthyosis with peroxisomal deficiency. An ultrastructural and ultracytochemical study of the Conradi-Hunermann syndrome and its murine homologue, the bare patches mouse
Toxic epidermal necrolysis associated with allopurinol administration
Immunologic abnormalities in linear scleroderma
A double-blind controlled comparison of generic and trade-name topical steroids using the vasoconstriction assay
Vitiligo
Spiradenoma. Histochemical and electron microscopic study
Hypopigmented mycosis fungoides
Disodium etidronate therapy for dystrophic cutaneous calcification
Widespread foreign-body granulomas and elevated serum angiotensin-converting enzyme
Sclerosing carcinomas of sweat ducts (microcystic adnexal carcinoma)
Parathyroid hormone-related protein in patients with malignant melanoma
Pathology quiz case 2: Porphyria cutanea tarda
Amelanotic lentigo maligna
Telogen effluvium. New concepts and review
Pathogenesis, clinical features, and management of the non-dermatological complications of epidermolysis bullosa. Proceedings of a conference
Streptococcal toxic shock-like syndrome
B virus (Herpesvirus simiae) and human infection
Childhood systemic lupus erythematosus. Association with pancreatitis, subcutaneous fat necrosis, and calcinosis cutis
Immunotherapy of leprosy
Cheilitis granulomatosa. Successful treatment with combined local triamcinolone injections and surgery
Measuring lymphocytes
Acne vulgaris. Studies in pathogenesis: triglyceride hydrolysis by Corynebacterium acnes in vitro
Atopic dermatitis and IgE. Relationship between changes in IgE levels and severity of disease
Tuberous sclerosis in twins
Extensive nodular secondary syphilis
The 'butterfly' sign. A clue to generalized pruritus in a patient with chronic obstructive hepatobiliary disease
Zonal Analysis of Facial Asymmetry and Its Clinical Significance in Facial Plastic Surgery
A substitute for chloroform in prescriptions
Urticaria induced by cyclamate
Familial vulvar dystrophy of lichen sclerosus type
Nasal midline masses in infants and children. Dermoids, encephaloceles, and gliomas
Immunoblastic lymphadenopathy with purpura and cryoglobulinemia
Management of ulcers with exposed Achilles tendon using occlusive dressings
Wegener's granulomatosis. Dermatological manifestations in 75 cases with clinicopathologic correlation
Vision loss in a woman of American Indian heritage. Vogt-Koyanagi-Harada (VKH) syndrome (uveoencephalitis)
Facial erythema and edema in a diabetic man. Mucormycosis
Diet plan for patients with salicylate-induced urticaria
Poliosis in a scalp nodule. Congenital intradermal nevus with poliosis
Using Molecular Biologic Analysis of T-Cell Receptor Gene Rearrangements to Stage Cutaneous T-Cell Lymphoma
Cronkhite-Canada syndrome in a Malay
Bowen disease of the hand
UV radiation and keratosis follicularis
Nosocomial outbreak of scabies
Azaribine in the treatment of psoriasis. A low dose, double-blind evaluation
Allergic contact dermatitis in children and young adults
Pathology quiz case 2: syringocystadenoma papilliferum
To hang together or separately
Possible drug-induced pemphigus-like antibodies with the clinical manifestation of erythema multiforme
Pseudoxanthoma elasticum
Aquagenic pruritus. Water-induced activation of acetylcholinesterase
Kaposi's varicelliform eruption in mycosis fungoides
Hair protein patterns in a new autosomal dominant ectodermal dysplasia
Annular scaly plaques in an infant. Neonatal lupus erythematosus (NLE)
Ichthyosis Curth-Macklin: a new sporadic case with immunohistochemical study of keratin expression
Comedones appearing after herpes zoster infection: a report of 7 cases
Acrodermatitis enteropathico. Abnormalities of fat metabolism and integumental ultrastructures in infants
Bioassay system for formulations of topically applied glucocorticosteroids
Cutaneous Bipolaris spicifera infection
Mosquito salivary gland antigens identified by circulating human antibodies
Coincidence or substantive relationship?
Acneiform papules on the neck. Elastosis perforans serpiginosa (EPS)
Leprosy. Our Southeast Asian refugee experience
Kyrle's disease and type II hyperlipoproteinemia
Hydroxyurea and macrocytosis
Tongue necrosis secondary to ergotamine tartrate in a patient with temporal arteritis
Circumscribed scleroderma with immunologic evidence of systemic lupus erythematosus
Dermabrasion for nodular cutaneous elastosis with cysts and comedones
The function of melanin
Pigmentation in comedones
Giant dermal dendrocytoma of the face: a distinct clinicopathologic entity
Generalized pustular psoriasis
Cutaneous histopathologic, immunohistochemical, and clinical manifestations in patients with hemophagocytic syndrome. Military Medical Consortium for Applied Retroviral Research (MMCARR)
Hereditary acrodermatitis enteropathica in an adult
Analysis of the polymerase chain reaction in the detection of herpesvirus DNA from fixed and stained tissue sections
Ehlers-Danlos type VII-C, or human dermatosparaxis. The offspring of a union between basic and clinical research
1986--dermatology at the crossroads. Choices and challenges
A simplified hyperbaric oxygen technique for leg ulcers
Warts and the atopic
Ochronosislike pigmentation from hydroquinone bleaching creams
A paraneoplastic mixed bullous skin disease associated with anti-skin antibodies and a B-cell lymphoma
Letter: Acute eruptive Darier disease
The challenge of limiting the spread of human immunodeficiency virus by controlling other sexually transmitted diseases
Costal fringe
Chemotaxis: death march of the phagocyte
Pigmentation with doxorubicin therapy
Annular, en bande, and plaque, lichen sclerosus
Studies of the red pigmentary system
Bringing Evidence to the Clinic
Two cases of genital Paget's disease with bilateral axillary involvement: mutability of axillary lesions
A randomized prospective study of a hydroactive dressing vs conventional treatment after shave biopsy excision
Severe pneumonitis occurring during methotrexate therapy. Re- port of two cases
Hyperkeratosis of nipple and areola
Two types of autosomal recessive pseudoxanthoma elasticum
The broken ponytail
Anthralin-corticosteroid combination therapy in the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis
Photosensitizing potential of certain nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory agents
Benign mucous membrane pemphigoid in a wife and husband
Giant basal cell carcinoma
Nipah Virus Vaccine
Surgical eradication of familial benign chronic pemphigus from the axillae. Report of a case
Oral dosage in methoxsalen phototoxicity
Short Fourth and Fifth Metacarpals
Swimmer's green hair
Systemic blastomycosis treated with ketoconazole
Dermal duct tumor
Studies on the repopulation of Langerhans cells in partial-thickness wounds. Air exposed and occlusively dressed
Management of lentigo maligna
Vitiligo and acromegaly
Spider bites
Hair casts: a clinical and morphologic control study
Sweet's disease
A national resident matching program for dermatology
Photoallergy to benzophenone
Scleroderma-like changes in chronic graft vs host disease
Serum from normal elderly individuals contains anti-basement membrane zone antibodies
Lymphomatoid papulosis associated with plaque-stage and granulomatous mycosis fungoides
Bibliography of secondary sources on the history of dermatology. II. Obituaries and biographies in English journals before 1973: A through L
Association Between Sentinel Lymph Node Excision With or Without Preoperative SPECT/CT and Metastatic Node Detection and Disease-Free Survival in Melanoma
Human papillomavirus type 2-associated basal cell carcinoma in two immunosuppressed patients
Familial hyperlipidemias. Diagnosis and treatment
Porphyria cutanea tarda and acquired immunodeficiency syndrome: case reports and literature review
Melanoma in situ of the sole that extended into a skin graft: reflections on the biology of melanoma
Classification of cutaneous lymphomas
Primary Cutaneous Natural Killer/ T-Cell Lymphoma
Studies of a red tattoo. Appearances in electron microscope, and analysis by chemical means, laser microprobe and selected-area diffraction of tattooed material
Bad Water Resolved
Total body photographs of dysplastic nevi
Letter: Variations in peripheral Sezary cell count
Eccrine squamous syringometaplasia. A cutaneous sweat gland reaction in the histologic spectrum of 'chemotherapy-associated eccrine hidradenitis' and 'neutrophilic eccrine hidradenitis'
Systemic scleroderma (progressive systemic sclerosis), chemical diabetes mellitus, psoriasis
Charles Barrett Kennedy, MD. 1908-1971
Subungual exostoses
Nonfatal Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome in a 15-year-old boy
Outpatient phototherapy of psoriasis
Loss of dermal elastic tissue in solar elastosis
Diffuse lipomatosis and tuberous sclerosis
Topical 6-aminonicotinamide plus oral niacinamide therapy for psoriasis
Thiotepa-induced leukoderma
Analysis of T-Cell Receptor Gene Rearrangement in Lymph Nodes of Patients With Mycosis Fungoides
Successful treatment of adult's Langerhans cell histiocytosis with thalidomide. Report of two cases and literature review
Vertical dermatology
White sponge nevus
Unsuccessful fluorouracil treatment of recalcitrant pustular psoriasis
Senile purpura
Infantile acropustulosis
Two cases of transfusion-associated graft-vs-host disease after open heart surgery
Prevalence of HPV 7 papillomas in the oral mucosa and facial skin of patients with human immunodeficiency virus
Hair casts. A clinical and morphologic study
Netherton's syndrome in two adult brothers
Ultrastructure of lymphocyte-mediated fat-cell lysis in erythema nodosum-like lesions of Behcet's syndrome
Kaposi's sarcoma. An update on the results of extended field radiotherapy
Variations in Pill Appearance of Antiepileptic Drugs and the Risk of Nonadherence
Systemic tacrolimus (FK 506) is effective for the treatment of psoriasis in a double-blind, placebo-controlled study. The European FK 506 Multicentre Psoriasis Study Group
Letter: Reduced amounts of pyroglutamic acid in scales from psoriatic plaques
Cheyletiella dermatitis
Percutaneous absorption in experimental epidermal proliferation
Postacne osteoma cutis. X-ray diffraction analysis
Ocular and testicular abnormalities in alopecia areata
Wound healing and epidermolysis bullosa
Monitoring methotrexate therapy in psoriasis
Squamous cell carcinoma following fluorouracil-responsive 'keratoacanthoma'
Linkage of an American pedigree with palmoplantar keratoderma and malignancy (palmoplantar ectodermal dysplasia type III) to 17q24. Literature survey and proposed updated classification of the keratodermas
Is Hypertension the Key to Reaching the Healthy People 2000 Goals by 2020?Comment on “Racial Differences in the Impact of Elevated Systolic Blood Pressure on Stroke Risk”
Aplasia cutis congenita in three successive generations
Penicillamine-induced pemphigus foliaceus. A fatal outcome
Prevalence of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus in outpatients with psoriasis, atopic dermatitis, or HIV infection
Merkel cell carcinoma. A successful treatment with tumor necrosis factor
Epidermolytic hereditary palmoplantar keratoderma. Histologic, ultrastructural, protein-chemical, and DNA analyses in two patients
Oligosymptomatic form of Klippel-Trenaunay-Weber syndrome associated with giant nevus spilus
Disseminated North American blastomycosis
Letter: Herpes zoster in early pregnancy
Neutropenia in Human Immunodeficiency Virus Infection: Data From the Women's Interagency HIV Study
Epidermal ornithine decarboxylase, polyamines, cell proliferation, and tumor promotion
The captopril-induced eruption. A possible mechanism: cutaneous kinin potentiation
Topical methoxsalen and blacklight in the treatment of psoriasis
Trichophytin contact sensitivity in patients with dermatophytosis
Letter: Dermatitis herpetiformis and the enteropathy of celiac disease
Monoclonal antibody studies in the skin lesions of patients with anetoderma
Cutaneous sarcoidal granulomas and the development of systemic sarcoidosis
Lichen nitidus with plasma cell infiltrate
Dermatologists in the United States. A study of health manpower resources, 1963 through 1970
Calcaneal petechiae
Effect of long-acting parenteral corticosteroids on adrenal function
Acquired progressive lymphangioma as a flat erythematous patch on the abdominal wall of a child
The morphogenesis of pustulosis palmaris et plantaris
Multiple Translucent Facial Papules
Immunofluorescence of cutaneous vasculitis associated with systemic disease
Hereditary syringomas
Journey to Eliminating Health Care Disparities: The Urgency of Affirming Values Within Our Patients, Profession, Health Care System, and Society
Pulse intravenous cyclophosphamide for treatment of autoimmune blistering disease. Is there an advantage over oral routes?
Case for diagnosis: vesicular pemphigoid?
Cyclophosphamide in the treatment of pemphigus vulgaris and bullous pemphigoid
Lymphangioma circumscriptum. A case with deep lymphatic involvement
Human papillomavirus type 16 in bowenoid papulosis, intraoral papillomas, and squamous cell carcinoma of the tongue
Proceedings: Cutaneous leishmaniasis
Fixed drug eruption to bacampicillin (ampicillin)
Congenital ectodermal defect (hidrotic type)
IgG and complement-fixing pseudointercellular antibodies after thermal injuries
Intravenous corticosteroids for systemic mastocytosis
Hemorrhagic bullae in an anemic women. Paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria (PNH)
Patient concepts and misconceptions about acne
An amyloid forming nodular syringocystadenoma
Epidermis in histidinemia
12% lactate lotion for the treatment of xerosis. A double-blind clinical evaluation
Perirectal hematoma presenting as purpura
Letter: Multiple sequential skin cancers: the risk of skin cancer in patients with previous skin cancer
Erythema dyschromicum perstans following human immunodeficiency virus seroconversion in a child with hemophilia B
Vamp disease. Inflammation of the great toe due to pressure from women's shoes
Is cyproheptadine effective in the treatment of subjects with epidermolysis bullosa simplex-Dowling-Meara?
Fever, maculopapular eruption, and lymphadenopathy. Angioimmunoblastic lymphadenopathy (AILD)
Herpes zoster with neurogenic bladder dysfunction
Cutaneous malignant neoplasms in patients with renal transplants
Antidepressant therapy. A possible cause of atypical cutaneous lymphoid hyperplasia
Successful treatment of hirsutism in HAIR-AN syndrome using flutamide, spironolactone, and birth control therapy
Preauricular skin defects. A consequence of a persistent ectodermal groove
Skin tumor in a woman with respiratory distress. Metastatic lung carcinoma
Vogt-Koyanagi-Harada syndrome and psoriasis
Successful use of cyclophosphamide and prednisone for initial treatment of pemphigus vulgaris
Lack of correlation between internists' ability in dermatology and their patterns of treating patients with skin disease
Surgical overutilization and the Mohs surgeon
Cyclosporine. An immunosuppressant affecting epithelial cell proliferation
Metastasis of carcinoma of the prostate to the scalp. Simulation of a large sebaceous cyst
Dermatofibromas and systemic lupus erythematosus
Timing of Recanalization After Intravenous Thrombolysis and Functional Outcomes After Acute Ischemic Stroke
Pyoderma gangrenosum, defective neutrophil chemotaxis, and leukemia
Incontinentia pigmenti and defective neutrophil chemotaxis
Liability in the Care of the Elderly
Influence of Smoking on Treatment With Clopidogrel—Reply
Kaposi sarcoma-associated herpesvirus/human herpesvirus type 8 and Epstein-Barr virus in iatrogenic Kaposi sarcoma
Possible dysglobulinemia and Grover's disease
Wheals and erythematous papules in a generalized distribution. Cutaneous mastocytosis
Solitary papule on the forearm. Solitary reticulohistiocytoma
Papular-purpuric 'gloves and socks' syndrome
Dry Eye Symptoms and Chemosis Following Blepharoplasty
Epithelioid sarcoma. A distinctive clinical presentation
Editorial: Genetics and dermatologic training
Sunlight exposure, pigmentation factors, and risk of nonmelanocytic skin cancer. II. Squamous cell carcinoma
Cutaneous Cryptococcus infection and AIDS. Report of 12 cases and review of the literature
Dermatitis herpetiformis in an infant
Bowen's disease of the feet. Presence of human papillomavirus 16 DNA in tumor tissue
Smooth-muscle hamartoma. Possible congenital Becker's nevus
Detection of human papillomavirus in nongenital Bowen's disease by in situ DNA hybridization
Hereditary epidermolytic palmoplantar keratoderma
Morphologic basis for adequate surgical excision of basal cell epitheliomas
Leukonychia totalis, multiple sebaceous cysts, and renal calculi. A syndrome
Multiple congenital giant nevocellular nevi with halos. A clinical and electron microscopic study
Treatment of psoriasis by cyclosporine and grapefruit juice
Undecylenic acid and fungous infections
A primary cutaneous non-T, non-B CD4+, CD56+ lymphoma
Incorrect Date in: HIV/AIDS in 1990 and 2012: From San Francisco to Washington, DC
Nutritional problems of the acute and chronic burn patient. Relevance to epidermolysis bullosa
The evolution of vitamin D analogues for the treatment of psoriasis
Risk of Venous Thromboembolism in Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis and Association With Disease Duration and Hospitalization
Chronic granulomatous disease: late onset of skin lesions only, in two siblings
Auricular sporotrichosis in a brick mason
Poison ivy/oak dermatitis. Use of polyamine salts of a linoleic acid dimer for topical prophylaxis
Regression of sclerodermatous skin lesions in a patient with carcinoid syndrome treated by octreotide
Inflammatory levels of interleukin 1 alpha are present in the majority of open comedones in acne vulgaris
Bullous reaction to diethyl toluamide (DEET). Resembling a blistering insect eruption
The safety of long-term clindamycin therapy for acne
Remission of psoriasis associated with cutaneous nerve section
Favorable prognosis for malignant melanomas associated with acquired melanocytic nevi
Sacral hemangiomas and multiple congenital abnormalities
Psoriasis. A measure of severity
Localized epidermolytic hyperkeratosis. A form of keratoderma of the palms and soles
Adequate treatment for syphilis
Cutaneous myiasis due to Dermatobia hominis
The human papillomaviruses. A review
Selective uptake of contact allergens by the Langerhans cell
Persistent gynecomastia resulting from scalp inunction of estradiol: a model for persistent gynecomastia
Malignant melanoma developing from intradermal nevi
Fibrous hamartoma of infancy. Eight additional cases and a review of the literature
Letter: Pachydermodactyly: a variant of the true knuckle pad
Giant pigmented nevus occurring in one identical twin
Proliferating systematized angioendotheliomatosis of a 5-month-old infant
HLA antigens in bullous pemphigoid among Japanese
Epidermolysis bullosa simplex associated with muscular dystrophy with recessive inheritance
Skin temperature changes in Raynaud's disease after griseofulvin
A singular dermatosis of Mongols
Human papillomavirus and widespread cutaneous carcinoma after PUVA photochemotherapy
In memoriam. Clark Wylie Finnerud, M.D. 1895-1977
Discussing Driving Concerns With Older Patients
p53 Protein expression in nevi and melanomas
Erythema multiforme resulting from insecticide spray
The heroin ulcer. New addition to the differential diagnosis of ulcers of the penis
Sickle cell leg ulcers are associated with HLA-B35 and Cw4
Trial of intralesional interferon alfa in the treatment of alopecia areata
Green hair
Cytophagic histiocytic panniculitis. Systemic histiocytosis presenting as chronic, nonhealing, ulcerative skin lesions
Letter: Staphylococcal toxic epidermal necrolysis
Palmoplantar keratoderma secondary to chronic acral erythema due to tegafur
Vitiligo and idiopathic guttate hypomelanosis. Repigmentation of skin following engraftment onto nude mice
The consequences of not diagnosing erythropoietic protoporphyria
Ulcerated tumor on the scalp. Clear-cell hidradenoma
Unraveling the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome
MY7 monoclonal antibody for diagnosis of cutaneous T-cell lymphoma
Fibrillar protein deposits with tubular substructure in a systemic disease beginning as cutis laxa
The face of leprosy in the United States today
Ichthyosis induced by cholesterol-lowering drugs. Implications for epidermal cholesterol homeostasis
Chronic urticaria from tantalum staples
Metabolic importance of acanthosis nigricans
Positron emission tomography and ultrasonography. A comparative retrospective study assessing the diagnostic validity in lymph node metastases of malignant melanoma
Dermatitis from purified sea algae toxin (debromoaplysiatoxin)
Thiopurines and Risk of Nonmelanoma Skin Cancer in Inflammatory Bowel Disease
Fluconazole treatment of cutaneous cryptococcosis
Psoriasiform papules in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome. Disseminated histoplasmosis in AIDS
Subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus: a cutaneous marker for a distinct lupus erythematosus subset
Solar urticaria. Clinical features and wavelength dependence
Cutaneous streptococcal infections in Vietnam
Erythema annulare centrifugum (Darier)
Cutaneous Endosalpingiosis
Follicular papulopustular syphilid
Cutis marmorata telangiectatica congenita with multiple congenital anomalies
A therapeutic suggestion for defects in keratinization
Independent investigators and for-profit companies. Guidelines for biomedical scientists considering funding by industry
The idiopathic hypereosinophilic syndrome
Serum complement (C'3) levels in patients with autoimmune bullous skin diseases
Atrial Fibrillation and the Risk of Sudden Cardiac Death
Resolution of recalcitrant molluscum contagiosum virus lesions in human immunodeficiency virus-infected patients treated with cidofovir
The relationship between nitric oxide production and activity of the disease in patients with psoriasis
Retin-A and wax epilation
Industrial contact dermatitis. Effect of the riot control agent ortho-chlorobenzylidene malononitrile
Avoiding sampling error in the biopsy of pigmented lesions
Induction of colitis in hamsters by topical application of antibiotics
Prevalence of Neurofibromatosis Type 1 Among the Young Adult Population of Central Italy
Benign mucous membrane pemphigoid associated with herpes simplex
Cicatricial pemphigoid
Topical tretinoin for treatment of photodamaged skin. A multicenter study
The ectodermal dysplasias
Ultraviolet light and cytoplasmic tubules in lupus erythematosus
Pomade acne
Skin Induration With Multiple Flesh-Colored Papules
Cutaneous Effects of Granulocyte Colony-Stimulating Factor in Healthy Volunteers
A pruritic eruption with reticular pigmentation. Prurigo pigmentosa
Hair casts. Review and suggestion regarding nomenclature
Dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans with lymph node involvement. A case report of simultaneous occurrence with an atypical fibroxanthoma of the skin
More on skin closures
Ultrastructural study of a case of angiolymphoid hyperplasia with eosinophilia
The incidence of erythema multiforme, Stevens-Johnson syndrome, and toxic epidermal necrolysis. A population-based study with particular reference to reactions caused by drugs among outpatients
Diphenoxylate therapy for psoriasis
Characteristic cutaneous lesions in patients with brucellosis
Alopecia areata and vitiligo associated with Down's syndrome
The Diced Cartilage Glue Graft for Nasal Augmentation
Elastosis perforans serpiginosa during penicillamine therapy for Wilson disease
Extensive calcinosis as a late complication of pentazocine injections: response to therapy with steroids and aluminum hydroxide
Essential primary cutis verticis gyrata. Treatment with the scalp reduction procedure
Demodex folliculorum in rosacea
Phenol alcohol technique for permanent matricectomy
Normal peroxisomal function and absent skeletal manifestations in Conradi-Hunermann syndrome
Topical 5% alcoholic lincomycin solution for treatment of acne
A New Model for Medical Education
Death from skin cancer among the elderly: epidemiological patterns
Effect of therapy on keratin polypeptide profiles of psoriatic epidermis
Bowen's disease and internal malignant disease
Pachyonychia congenita. Electron microscopic and epidermal glycoprotein assessment before and during isotretinoin treatment
Multiple primary cutaneous plasmacytomas
Generalized epidermolytic hyperkeratosis in the child of a parent with nevus comedonicus
Long-term triamcinolone acetonide therapy
The same glucocorticoid in brand-name products. Does increasing the concentration result in greater topical biologic activity?
Severe osteolytic arthritis mutilans in pustular psoriasis
Editorial: Antibiotic therapy for acne vulgaris
Erythema chronicum migrans and arthritis
Failure of human growth hormone to benefit dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa
Phlebotomy therapy in cutaneous porphyria. Effect on iron and trace metals
Investigation of mechanisms in toxic epidermal necrolysis induced by carbamazepine
Paracoccidioidomycosis in the United States
Dermatologists in Kaiser Permanente-northern California. Satisfaction, perceived constrains, and policy options
Photosensitivity due to a fluorouracil derivative
Brachioradial pruritus
Pigmented nodular hidradenoma
Nail bed involvement in pemphigus vulgaris
Subcutaneous island pedicle flaps
Skin disorders in organ transplant recipients. External anogenital lesions
A waxy plaque on the leg. Nodular or tumefactive cutaneous amyloidosis (NCA)
Past, present, and future
Pruritus and chronic papular dermatitis in an Ethiopian man. Onchocerciasis (chronic papular onchodermatitis)
The mineralization of elastic fibers and alterations of extracellular matrix in pseudoxanthoma elasticum. Ultrastructure, immunocytochemistry, and X-ray analysis
Hepatitis C virus in dermatology. A review
Pretibial myxedema
Arthur Covel Curtis 1898-1970
Immunotherapy of malignant melanoma with vaccinia virus
High-speed biopsy punch for electron microscopic studies of human skin
Children’s Deaths Linked With Postsurgical Codeine
Griseofulvin-oral contraceptive interaction
Coexistence of bullous pemphigoid and systemic lupus erythematosus
The Future of Medical Dermatology
Malignant melanoma and other second cutaneous malignancies in cutaneous T-cell lymphoma. The influence of additional therapy after total skin electron beam radiation
Cyclosporine in the treatment of palmoplantar pustulosis. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study
A case of recurring painful red macules. Fixed drug eruption (FDE) secondary to phenolphthalein therapy
Facial granuloma associated with fusarium infection
Scleredema and paraproteinemia. Enhanced collagen production and elevated type I procollagen messenger RNA level in fibroblasts grown from cultures from the fibrotic skin of a patient
Hospital-Onset Seizures
Effective Perioperative Management of Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 1–Associated Insulinomas
Telogen alopecia from UV rays
Intradural, Extramedullary Anaplastic Astrocytoma Arising From the First Sacral Nerve Root
Hypoparathyroidism, candidiasis, alopecia and vitiligo
Norwegian scabies: occurrence in a patient undergoing immunosuppression
Congenital onychodysplasia. Report of 11 cases
Lupus erythematosus and polymorphous light eruption. Differentiation by histochemical procedures
Rational therapy for cutaneous T-cell lymphomas in the 1990s. Fact or fancy?
Photochemotherapy in systemic sclerosis. The stage is set
Primary macular atrophy
Purpuric eruption with bloody diarrhea in an adult. Henoch-Schonlein purpura
Incidence of allergic reactions to hydrocortisone-17-butyrate in standard patch test series
Fever, palpable purpura, and a positive Weil-Felix reaction. Pseudomonas endocarditis with embolic phenomena and a false-positive Weil-Felix titer
Necrotic cellulitis. A localized form of septic vasculitis
Antinuclear antibody studies in chronic cutaneous discoid lupus erythematosus
Treatment of alopecia areata profiting from 'natural' allergy to nickel
The role of magnetic resonance imaging in the diagnostic evaluation of dermatomyositis
Erythrokeratodermia variabilis. An enzyme histochemical and ultrastructural study
1% sulconazole cream v 2% miconazole cream in the treatment of tinea versicolor. A double-blind, multicenter study
Late-onset neurofibromas developed in a patient with psoriasis vulgaris during PUVA treatment
Tissue-expansion techniques
Diffuse cutaneous reticulohistiocytosis
Multiple plaques of morphea developing in a patient with eosinophilic fasciitis
Extended clinical use of the argon laser for cutaneous lesions
C9orf72 Hexanucleotide Repeat Expansions in Clinical Alzheimer Disease
Sporotrichosis
Zosteriform keratosis follicularis cleared with topically applied vitamin A acid
Acute linear IgA dermatosis in a child following varicella
Regression of scleromyxedema with topical betamethasone and dimethyl sulfoxide: a 30-month follow-up
Cutis laxa. Ultrastructural and biochemical studies
Vesiculopustular eruption of ulcerative colitis
Letter: Malignant melanoma arising with two halo nevi
Disseminated superficial actinic porokeratosis in a black patient
Syringoma localized to the vulva
Erythema resulting from suberythemogenic doses of ultraviolet radiation and methotrexate
Relative effectiveness of selected sunscreens
Chromomycosis. Treatment with thiabendazole
Ethylenediamine-induced exfoliative erythroderma
Cutaneous leishmaniasis: surgical management of a case with unusual clinical and histological features
Thallium poisoning. Report of a case successfully treated with dithizone
Pruritic folliculitis of pregnancy
Atopic Eczema Between Rationality and Irrationality
Acropustulosis of infancy
Cosmetic Surgery for Aging Is Not Inherently Immoral
Scholtz regimen
Allergic contact dermatitis from sunscreen preparations complicating photodermatitis
Epidermal nevus and rhabdomyosarcoma
Icthyosiform sarcoid
The Promise of Primary Care–Based Screening for Diabetic Retinopathy
Less than human, more than human. The use of mouse models in dermatologic research
Will 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3, MC 903, and their analogues herald a new pharmacologic era for the treatment of psoriasis?
Growth dynamics of malignant melanomas. A photodocumentary investigation
The future of Medicare. Their plans, your practice, Medicare reform, and how it will affect the practice of dermatology
A reexamination of the potential comedogenicity of sulfur
Cystic acne as a source of bleeding in hemophilia
Bacteria in epidermal cysts
Linear IgA bullous dermatosis associated with dermatomyositis
Effect of ketoconazole on sebum excretion rate
Transcutaneous gamma benzene hexachloride absorption and toxicity in infants and children
Cutaneous complications of orthopedic implants. A two-year prospective study
Additonal observations using a pulsed carbon dioxide laser with a fixed pulse duration
Solitary facial lesion. Sebaceous adenoma in association with Muir-Torre syndrome (MTS)
Ipsilateral deafness and herpes zoster ophthalmicus
Partial Auriculotomy for Exposure of Tumors of the External Auditory Meatus and Conchal Bowl
Allergic contact dermatitis to sculptured nails
Bacteriology of pustules occurring during treatment of psoriasis
Cone Structure in Patients With Usher Syndrome Type III and Mutations in the Clarin 1 Gene
Pruritus induced by crude bile and purified bile acids. Experimental production of pruritus in human skin
Oral treatment of keratosis follicularis with a new aromatic retinoid
Topical treatment of gram-negative bacterial suprainfection in acne
Solar urticaria. Further studies on the role of inhibition spectra
Titers of passive cutaneous anaphylaxis antibody and clinical activity in pemphigus
Mirror, Mirror on the Wall
Antipsoriatic activity of a new synthetic retinoid. The arotinoid RO 13-6298
Klippel-Trenaunay-Weber syndrome with pulmonary vein varicosity
Effect of hydroxyurea and cytarabine on rodent epidermal cells
Progressive pigmentation and venous ectasia of the hands. A stasis syndrome
Brunsting-Perry cicatricial pemphigoid precipitated by trauma
Genetic Risk in Childhood Obesity: Implications for Clinical Practice—Reply
Epidermal appendage tumors in xeroderma pigmentosum
Dermatitis herpetiformis in association with systemic lupus erythematosis
Methotrexate and teratogenesis
Keratinocyte-lymphocyte interaction in cutaneous T-cell lymphoma. Modulation of keratinocyte antigen My7 by a soluble factor produced by T lymphocytes
The nail fold in pemphigus vulgaris
A case of xeroderma pigmentosum group F with late onset of clinical symptoms
Pathology quiz case 1: recurring digital fibroma of childhood
The ectodermal dysplasias. Problems of classification and some newer syndromes
Letter: Colchicine therapy for psoriasis
Jessner's lymphocytic infiltration of the skin. A clinical study of 100 patients
Melanosis of the areola
Bullous pemphigoid. Clinical and immunologic follow-up after successful therapy
Annual Trainee Awards for 1996 and 1997
Natural cell-mediated cytotoxic activity in the peripheral blood of patients with atopic dermatitis
Narrowband UV-B produces superior clinical and histopathological resolution of moderate-to-severe psoriasis in patients compared with broadband UV-B
Complement and antibody deposition in Brazilian pemphigus foliaceus and correlation of disease activity with circulating antibodies
Lipoid proteinosis and erythropoietic protoporphyria. A histological and histochemical study
Treatment-resistant alopecia areata. Response to combination therapy with minoxidil plus anthralin
A plea for a biologic approach to hemangiomas of infancy
Tumescent Infiltration of Corticosteroids, Lidocaine, and Epinephrine Into Dermatomes of Acute Herpetic Pain or Postherpetic Neuralgia
Reaction to topical fluorouracil of secondary lymphedema
Transient acantholytic dermatosis (Grover's disease). A skin disorder related to heat and sweating
Expression of interleukin-4 in scleroderma skin specimens and scleroderma fibroblast cultures. Potential role in fibrosis
Prescribing retinoids. The art and the science
Cutaneous manifestations of multiple myeloma
Sporotrichoid infection caused by a Mycobacterium
Oral warty dyskeratoma
Magnetic resonance in dermatology
Sezary syndrome. A clinicopathologic study of 39 cases
Microbial flora of infant's skin. Comparison of types of microorganisms between normal skin and diaper dermatitis
Subcutaneous granuloma pyogenicum. Lobular capillary hemangioma
Cheyletiella dermatitis. A mite infestation of rabbit, cat, dog, and man
Solid facial edema as a complication of acne vulgaris
Vesicular and hemorrhagic lichen nitidus
Rapid screening test for porphyrinuria
Inverted plantar wart
Subepidermal calcified nodule in an octogenarian
Michelangelo's Deposition of Christ: Masculine Beauty and Neoplatonism
'Persistent' annular erythema of infancy
Steatocystoma multiplex. A facial papular variant
Simultaneous systemic lupus erythematosus and dermatitis herpetiformis
'Tiger tail' pattern on polarized hair microscopic examination is found in healthy infants
Autoerythrocyte sensitization syndrome
Pterygium formation due to sarcoidosis
Urticarial vasculitis treated with colchicine
Gluten-free diet in dermatitis herpetiformis
Improvement of psoriasis of the scalp with ketoconazole
Tinea faciei coexistent with discoid lupus erythematosus
Ulcerated nodules and papules on the neck and chest. Cutaneous Hodgkin disease (HD)
New therapy for polymorphous light eruption
Cutaneous changes in the porphyrias. A microscopic study
The hunt for the neurofibromatosis gene
Letter: Vesicular pityriasis rosea
Contact allergy to clobetasol propionate
Corn-row alopecia
Onchocerciasis in Israel
Perianal basal cell carcinoma
Incontinentia pigmenti
Lymphangiosarcoma arising in congenital lymphedema
Osteopoikilosis associated with dermatofibrosis lenticularis disseminata
Fingerprint arches in alopecia areata
Multicenter trial analysis. Fluocinonide and betamethasone gel in psoriasis
Letter: Severe contact dermatitis from poinsettia
Pathology quiz case 2: disseminated candidiasis
Cheyletiella infestation in humans
Granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor in the management of severe ecthyma gangrenosum related to myelodysplastic syndrome
Polymorphic light eruption initially confined to the ears
Ultrastructure of a pilar tumor
The graft-vs-host reaction. An iatrogenic model for a number of skin disorders
Radiation dermatitis following electron beam therapy. An evaluation of patients ten years after total skin irradiation for mycosis fungoides
HLA antigens in psoriatic arthritis and psoriasis
Mupirocin and the eradication of Staphylococcus aureus in atopic dermatitis
Necrotizing vasculitis (erythema elevatum diutinum)
Calmodulin inhibitor therapy in psoriasis
Uveitis, poliosis, hypomelanosis, and alopecia in a patient with malignant melanoma
A new in vivo model for the evaluation of topical antiseptics on superficial wounds. The effect of 70% alcohol and povidone-iodine solution
Perforating Papules in Chronic Renal Failure
Treatment of localized vitiligo by autologous minigrafting
Symptomatic zinc deficiency in a breast-fed, premature infant
Alkaptonuria with extensive ochronosis
Hyperbaric oxygen techniques
The incidence of bacteremia during skin surgery
Solitary nodule of the scrotum. Leiomyoma
Sarcoidosis?
Inferior Oblique Myokymia: A Unique Ocular Motility Disorder
Cutaneous cellulitis
Incontinentia pigmenti achromians-like depigmentation in the mother of a baby with typical incontinentia pigmenti
Renal adenocarcinoma and meningioma
The Essence of Alternative Medicine
Langerhans' cell granule. An endocytotic organelle
Francesco Ronchese, MD, 1892-1976
Treatment of psoriasis with topically applied tretinoin and steroid ointment
Immune-mediated subepithelial blistering diseases of the mucous membranes. Improving the detection of circulating autoantibodies by the use of concentrated serum samples
Troponin Levels and Mortality After Noncardiac Surgery
Yellow staining of skin among plastics workers
Calcinosis cutis and renal failure
Sarcoidosis presenting as lymphedema
Twenty years of griseofulvin therapy?
Haloprogin therapy for dermatophyte infections
Screening for skin cancer in primary care settings
Extensive purpuric and yellowish papules and plaques with an annular configuration. Erythema elevatum diutinum (EED)
Photo-onycholysis secondary to psoralen use
Cutaneous bacillary angiomatosis in a patient with chronic lymphocytic leukemia
Twenty percent of biopsy specimens from sun-exposed skin of normal young adults demonstrate positive immunofluorescence
Trichophyton rubrum superimposed upon photo-contact dermatitis in vitiligo
Incidence of Venous Thromboembolism and Its Effect on Survival Among Patients With Common Cancers
Congenital deafness and multiple lentigines. A report of cases in a mother and daughter
Immunofluorescence abnormalities in lichen planopilaris
Measuring scale steroid sulfatase and beta-lipoprotein mobility in ichthyosis
Telehealth Monitoring With Nurse Clinician Oversight—Reply
In Memoriam: Joseph Michael Foley, MD (1916-2012)
Recent onset of gingival enlargement
How high the SPF?
Ocular rosacea. Signs, symptoms, and tear studies before and after treatment with doxycycline
Widespread cutaneous necrosis in a patient with rheumatoid arthritis associated with anticardiolipin antibodies
Self-administered Topical 5% Imiquimod Cream for External Anogenital Warts
Folliculitis ulerythematosa reticulata. A case with unilateral lesion
Ethics in the medical profession
Chlorpromazine photoallergy. Coexistence of immediate and delayed type
Letter: Autoantibodies in alopecia areata
Mutilating acrodermatitis continua (Hallopeau's acrodermatitis)
Tinea pedis in Greece
Inadvertent phototoxicity from home tanning equipment
Surgical vs Conventional Therapy for Weight Loss Treatment of Obstructive Sleep Apnea
Progressively enlarging painful annular plaque on the hand. Erysipeloid
Ulcers in pretibial epidermolysis bullosa. Grafting with autologous meshed split-thickness skin and allogeneic cultured keratinocytes
Large subcutaneous calcification in systemic lupus erythematosus
Epidermolytic hyperkeratosis
Collaborative Research
Longitudinal Associations Between Binge Eating and Overeating and Adverse Outcomes Among Adolescents and Young Adults
Treatment of urticaria pigmentosa with corticosteroids
Idiopathic phalangeal osteolysis
The Capozucca syndrome, a melange of congenital anomalies
Lupus erythematosus panniculitis with partial genetic deficiency of C2 and C4 in a child
Rubella Among Crew Members of Commercial Cruise Ships—Florida, 1997
Localized Darier disease. Implications for genetic studies
Human immunodeficiency virus-neutralizing serum samples in healthy control subjects with resolved subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus
Secondary tumors after X-ray radiation therapy of the skin
Herpes gestationis in association with a hydatidiform mole. Immunopathologic studies
Coexistence of pemphigus and bullous pemphigoid
1-chloro-2,4-dinitrobenzene as an algicide. Report of four cases of contact dermatitis
Fever and hyperpigmented papules in an intravenous drug abuser. Disseminated histoplasmosis in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS)
Annular pustular psoriasis
Papules and nodules in a patient with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome and recurrent cryptococcal meningitis. Bacillary angiomatosis or epithelioid angiomatosis
Grow bald along with me, the best is yet to be
X-ray epilation for the treatment of trichiasis
The ability of primary care physicians to recognize the common dermatoses
Psoralen bath plus UV-A therapy. Possibilities and limitations
Psoriasis with articular involvement induced by interferon alfa
Treatment of long-term tinea pedis with miconazole. Double-blind clinical evaluation
Prognostic Factors in Leukocytoclastic Vasculitis
Definition of Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome
Multiple red nodules on lower abdomen. Metastatic carcinoma of the prostate
Immunofluorescent studies of gastrointestinal tract mucosa in bullous pemphigoid
Bone change in Letterer-Siwe disease
Mycosis fungoides
Erythema Multiforme
Combination therapy for psoriasis. Psoralens plus long-wave ultraviolet radiation with betamethasone valerate
Sulcus Construction in Microtia Repair
Skin typing for assessment of skin cancer risk and acute response to UV-B and oral methoxsalen photochemotherapy
Pyoderma gangrenosum associated with active chronic hepatitis: report of two cases
Treatment of dermatomyositis with methotrexate and prednisone
Nodular nonsuppurative panniculitis associated with jejunoileal bypass surgery
Postmenopausal frontal fibrosing alopecia. Scarring alopecia in a pattern distribution
Primary cutaneous lymphoblastic lymphoma of non-B, non-T phenotype
Fibronectin enhances healing of excised wounds in rats
Allergic contact dermatitis to quinones in Paphiopedilum haynaldianum (Orchidaceae)
Mediastinal emphysema complicating Stevens-Johnson syndrome
Anti-single-stranded DNA antibody and muscle involvement in localized scleroderma
More questions about purpura fulminans
Perforating folliculitis
PUVA treatment of alopecia areata
Unusual skin tumors in Langerhans cell histiocytes
Benign papular acantholytic dermatosis
The diet and acne
Penicillamine-induced pemphigus. Immunoglobulin from this patient induces plasminogen activator synthesis by human epidermal cells in culture: mechanism for acantholysis in pemphigus
Chemotherapy for metastatic basal cell carcinoma
Piezogenic pedal papules
Incidence of autoimmune subepidermal blistering dermatoses in a region of central Germany
Vitiligo and melanoma
Mycobacterium marinum infections treated with tetracycline
An unusual variant of Darier disease
Beaded fluorescence pattern of FTA-ABS test associated with malignancy
Letter: Absence of chloroquine-induced ototoxicity in a fetus
Partial Recovery of Peristalsis After Myotomy for Achalasia
A syndrome of trichoepitheliomas, milia, and cylindromas
Immunoglobulin disposition in the skin
The extracellular matrix is a soluble and solid-phase agonist and receptor
Mast cell numbers in diffuse scleroderma
Pneomometry-induced purpura
Letter: Polymorphous light eruption in identical twins
Prognostic factors for clinical response of alopecia areata to topical immunotherapy with squaric acid dibutylester
Primary extragenital cutaneous gonorrhea
Clinical, histologic, and cell kinetic discriminants between lamellar ichthyosis and nonbullous congenital ichthyosiform erythroderma
Occupational history and angiosarcoma
Spontaneous atrophic patches in extremely premature infants. Anetoderma of prematurity
Allergic contact dermatitis due to ingredients of vehicles. A "vehicle tray" for patch testing
Intradermal fluorouracil and epinephrine injectable gel for treatment of psoriatic plaques
Kaposi's sarcoma and its management by radiotherapy
Cutaneous extravascular necrotizing granuloma and lymphocytic lymphoma
Lysosomes in human skin after long periods of treatment with chloroquine
Discrete papular mucinosis responding to intralesional and topical steroids
Bone lesions in xanthoma disseminatum
Metabolic Syndrome and the Progression of Carotid Intima-Media Thickness in Elderly Women
Commentary: three decades of folic acid antagonists in dermatology
Acute skin manifestations of Conradi-Huenermann syndrome in a male adult
Dermal role and controls in psoriasis
Injection-site granuloma due to aluminum
Epidermolysis bullosa simplex superficialis. A new variant of epidermolysis bullosa characterized by subcorneal skin cleavage mimicking peeling skin syndrome
Sheep erythrocyte rosette formation and phytohemagglutinin-stimulated cells. Two cases of mycosis fungoides with skin tumors and lymph nodes
Pruritic white papules in a pregnant woman. Sarcoidosis
Congenital sensory neuropathy with anhidrosis
Multiple trichoepithelioma and breast carcinoma. Simultaneous appearance of epithelioma adenoides cysticum and infiltrating lobular carcinoma of the breast
Tissue angiotensin-converting enzyme and lysosomal enzyme levels in skin diseases
Dystrophy of the great toenail
Pruritic, pink, papular eruption. Generalized granuloma annulare (GA)
Erythematous nodules on the hand. Orf (ecthyma contagiosum)
Late-onset, warfarin-caused necrosis occurring in a patient with infectious mononucleosis
HLA antigens in keloids and hypertrophic scars
Multiple nodules on the leg. Primary neuroendocrine carcinoma of the skin (PNCS)
Treatment of squamous cell carcinoma of the skin
Cutaneous ossification in pseudohypoparathyroidism
Diffuse eosinophilic fasciitis. A new syndrome or variant of Scleroderma?
Cutis marmorata telangiectatica congenita on neonatal lupus
Netherton's disease and ichthyosis linearis circumflexa
Malignant angioendotheliomatosis proliferans treated with doxorubicin
Eccrine adenocarcinoma. A clinicopathologic study of 35 cases
Caution With Regard to the Efficacy of Interferon Alfa-2b in the Treatment of Giant Hemangiomas
Hailey-Hailey disease of the vulva
Unusual varicella zoster virus infection in patients with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Clinical manifestations of photosensitivity in patients with human immunodeficiency virus infection
Topical photosensitizers. Influence of vehicles on penetration
Letter: Erythromycin: a nonsensitizing topical antibiotic
Annular plaque on the shoulder
Motivation for tattoo removal
Persulfate hair bleach reactions. Cutaneous and respiratory manifestations
Coexistence of hydroa vacciniforme and malignant lymphoma
Sabin's poliomyelitis vaccine in recurrent herpes simplex
Childhood epidermolysis bullosa acquisita. Detection in a 5-year-old girl
Letter: Methotrexate dosage schedule
Exuberant tumoral lesions on the dorsum of the foot. Pretibial myxedema
Gamma benzene hexachloride toxicity: a review
Actinic keratoacanthoma
Transepithelial elimination of altered collagen after intralesional adrenal steroid injections
Attempts to enhance light microscopic diagnosis of cutaneous T-cell lymphoma (mycosis fungoides)
Graft-v-host disease
Letter: Intravascular angiomatosis in cutaneous vessels
A bullous eruption in an elderly woman. Vancomycin-associated linear IgA dermatosis (LAD)
Microprobe analysis of chlorpromazine pigmentation
Photochemotherapy of psoriasis (PUVA) without specialized equipment
Teratogens and the dermatologist. New knowledge, responsibilities, and opportunities
Confluent and reticulated papillomatosis successfully treated with the aromatic etretinate
Multiple cylindromas
Dual publication and manipulation of the editorial process
Profound deficiency in normal circulating T cells in erythrodermic cutaneous T-cell lymphoma
Severe vasculitis during isotretinoin therapy
Thymic conversion of Candida albicans from commensalism to pathogenism
Histoplasmosis. An illustrative case with unusual vaginal and joint involvement
North American blastomycosis
Specific pruritic diseases of pregnancy. A prospective study of 3192 pregnant women
Carbon dioxide laser vaporization for Bowen's disease of the finger
Multiply Recurrent Solitary Fibrous Tumor of the Orbit Without Malignant Degeneration: A 45-Year Clinicopathologic Case Study
Significant Invasion of the Pharyngeal Constrictor Muscle in Early Squamous Cell Carcinoma of the Tonsil
The patch test as an exercise in cutaneous pharmacokinetics. Does compound allergy exist?
Measuring mycosis fungoides
Graft versus host reaction. An ultrastructural study
Precise evaluation of topically applied corticosteroid potency. Modification of the Stoughton-McKenzie assay
Contact dermatitis to homomenthyl salicylate
Neutral lipid storage disease with ichthyosis. Defective lamellar body contents and intracellular dispersion
Generalized pustular psoriasis provoked by propranolol
Acneform eruption in Apert's syndrome. Acrocephalosyn dactyly
Ichthyosiform sarcoidosis
A syndrome with nodular erythema, elongated and thickened fingers, and emaciation
Cutaneous sarcoidosis associated with sarcoidosis of the upper airway
Incidence of a positive lupus band test using sun-exposed and unexposed skin
Challenges to Excellence in Child Health Research
Occlusive appliance for chemotherapy
Suspicious violaceous subungual nodule. Metastatic renal cell carcinoma(RCC)
Error in Author Name
Clinicopathologic and immunohistochemical studies on lichen amyloidosis and macular amyloidosis
Persistent vesicular eruption in an infant. Chronic bullous disease of childhood
Effect of Cholecalciferol Plus Calcium on Falling in Ambulatory Older Men and Women: A 3-Year Randomized Controlled Trial
Allergic contact sensitivity to benzalkonium chloride. Cutaneous, ophthalmic, and general medical implications
Beau's lines after razoxane therapy for psoriasis
Reticular pigmented anomaly of the flexures
Role of microorganisms in dandruff
Target lesions in granuloma annulare
Tinea versicolor
Disseminated histoplasmosis and adenocarcinoma of the stomach
Will Newer Anticoagulants Improve Therapy Persistence?
Persistence of herpes simplex virus types 1 and 2 in infected individuals
Linear melorheostotic scleroderma with hypertrichosis
Chloroquine-induced pruritus among patients with malaria
Acquired immunodeficiency syndrome-related bacillary vascular proliferation (epithelioid angiomatosis): rapid response to erythromycin therapy
Microcytotoxicity and serum blocking factors in malignant melanoma and halo nevus
An unusual cause of an indolent skin infection
Leukemia cutis in acute myelomonocytic leukemia. Preferential localization in a recent Hickman catheter scar
Feline sporotrichosis. Transmission to man
Successful topical treatment of an unusual ulcer with fluorouracil
Follicular occlusion disease with elimination of abnormal elastic tissue
Mixed bullous disease
Rhizopus Keratitis Following Corneal Trauma
Electrical burns of the mouth in children
Contraceptive efficacy
Diffuse blisters and erosions in a patient with limited scleroderma. Penicillamine-induced pemphigus foliaceus (PIPF)
Skin closures
Letter: Hyperbaric oxygen therapy
Telephone vs Face-to-Face Cognitive Behavioral Therapy for Depression—Reply
Inherited patterned lentiginosis in blacks
Letter: Transillumination for diagnosis of mucinous pseudocyst of the finger
Facial granuloma responsive to dapsone therapy
Prevalence and clinical spectrum of skin disease in patients infected with human immunodeficiency virus
Preradial myxedema in thyroid disease
Trunk tumor resembling a congenital nevus. Cellular blue nevus
Diagnosis of mastocytosis subsets using a morphometric point counting technique
Local environment of chronic wounds under synthetic dressings
Sacral lipomas: the need for neurologic and radiologic evaluation
Effect of anatomical location on prognosis in patients with clinical stage I melanoma
Cowden's disease. Association with squamous cell carcinoma of the tongue and perianal basal cell carcinoma
Lentiginosis profusa syndrome (multiple lentigines syndrome)
An erythematous nodular eruption. Secondary syphilis
Tumbleweed dermatitis
Skin reactions caused by phenylbutazone. Immunologic studies
Papular acne scars. A common cutaneous finding
Terminology
Epiluminescence Microscopy for the Diagnosis of Doubtful Melanocytic Skin Lesions
Cutaneous lesions in brucellosis
Fever and hypotrichosis in a newborn. Anhidrotic ectodermal dysplasia (AED)
The keratitis, ichthyosis, and deafness (KID) syndrome
The PLAN Score
Metastasizing atypical fibroxanthoma. Coexistence with chronic lymphocytic leukemia
Keratitis, ichthyosis, and deafness (KID) syndrome. Vertical transmission and death from multiple squamous cell carcinomas
Topical antiandrogens. What use in dermatology?
Vitiligo is associated with HLA-DR4 in black patients. A preliminary report
Absent transglutaminase TGK expression in two of three patients with lamellar ichthyosis
Evaluation of computed tomography and radionuclide scanning in the staging of cutaneous T-cell lymphoma
Topical therapy for onychomycosis
The relationship of basal cell carcinomas and squamous cell carcinomas to solar keratoses
White piedra (trichosporosis)
Pediculicides and ovicides
Anaphylactoid purpura with intramural hematoma
Familial chronic pemphigus
Abbreviated curriculum vitae of Harvey Blank, MD
Psoriasis on tumor
Eruptive xanthomas associated with isotretinoin (13-cis-retinoic acid)
Carcinoembryonic antigen in benign sweat gland tumors
Acral syringoma
Calcinosis cutis in juvenile dermatomyositis: remarkable response to aluminum hydroxide therapy
Cutaneous lymphomas consist of a spectrum of nosologically different entities including mycosis fungoides and small plaque parapsoriasis
Docetaxel chemotherapy induces transverse superficial loss of the nail plate
Use of animal skin substrates for indirect immunofluorescence diagnosis of subepidermal autoimmune bullous diseases
Contact dermatitis due to multiple corticosteroid creams
Warts and ultrasound
Molluscum contagiosum and the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Giant solitary trichoepithelioma
Toads and psoriasis
Erythematous generalized granuloma annulare
Subcutaneous sarcoidosis with calcification
Acquired progressive kinking of the hair. Structural changes and growth dynamics of affected hairs
Dermatohistopathology of chronic gonococcal sepsis
Are palmar keratoses a sign of internal malignancy?
Skin graft take and healing following 193-nm excimer, continuous-wave carbon dioxide (CO2), pulsed CO2, or pulsed holmium: YAG laser ablation of the graft bed
Acquired immunity to dermatophytes
The Koebner (isomorphic) response in psoriasis. Associations with early age at onset and multiple previous therapies
Paper-patch test for evaluating vasoconstrictive activity of corticosteroids
Dysplastic epidermal keratosis in a black woman
Multiple, hereditary dome-shaped papules and acrochordons. Birt-Hogg-Dube syndrome
Chemotherapy-induced acral erythema in patients receiving bone marrow transplantation
Vulvar lichen planus
Ranitidine for improvement of treatment-resistant psoriasis
Are generic formulations equivalent to trade name topical glucocorticoids?
Segmental neurofibromatosis: is it uncommon or underdiagnosed?
Iododerma occurring after orally administered iopanoic acid
Dapsone and Heinz bodies
Letter: Linear porokeratosis
Apocrine hidrocystoma (cystademnoma)
Methotrexate reactivation of sunburn reaction
The Effectiveness of Mycophenolate Mofetil in Refractory Pyoderma Gangrenosum
What is the function of melanin?
Treatment of Kaposi sarcoma with vinblastine
Captopril glossopyrosis
Aminonicotinamide in pityriasis rubra pilaris
Bowen disease associated with porokeratosis of Mibelli
Scalp reduction surgery
Twenty-nail dystrophy of alopecia areata
Idiopathic lenticular mucocutaneous pigmentation or Laugier-Hunziker syndrome with atypical features
Recurrent rapidly progressive infiltrated plaques and bullae
Alteration of subcutaneous tissue in systemic scleroderma
Adverse drug interactions clinically important for the dermatologist
Letter: Use of hair plugs from skin excised during face-lifting
Drug reactions to sulfones
Thin malignant melanomas with regression and metastases
Risk of Malignancies in Patients With Rheumatoid Arthritis Treated With Biologic Therapy
A method of measuring skin lesions
Metastatic basal cell carcinoma: review, pathogenesis, and report of two cases
Eruptive generalized clear cell syringomas
Titanium pigmentation. An electron probe microanalysis study
Intralesional triamcinolone therapy for pretibial myxedema
Perioperative Dexamethasone Administration and Risk of Bleeding Following Tonsillectomy in Children
Immunofluorescence on salt-split skin for the diagnosis of epidermolysis bullosa acquisita
Combined epidermolytic hyperkeratosis and focal acantholytic dyskeratosis
Mucocutaneous candidiasis in a mother and son
Etretinate and psoriasis
Immunomodulatory and Cytotoxic Agents in Dermatology
Allergy and antihistamines. A new riddle
Cutaneous metastases to the scalp from carcinoma of the uterine cervix
Bullous pemphigoid and Kaposi's sarcoma
Biologic significance of polyunsaturated fatty acids in the skin
Intraepithelial atypical lymphocytes in oral lesions of Behcet's syndrome
Vulvar erythema and induration. Extraintestinal Crohn's disease of the vulva
Peripheral blood mononuclear cells in patients with nonleukemic cutaneous T-cell lymphoma. Reduced proliferation and preferential secretion of a T helper-2-like cytokine pattern on stimulation
Systematized epidermal nevus. A determinant for the localization of psoriasis
Malignant lymphoma, reticulum cell type. Ultrastructural and cytological demonstration of Lutzner cells
An unusual case of preponderantly right-sided syringomas
Allergic contact dermatitis caused by haloprogin
Interleukin 2 and psoriasis
Malignant atrophic papulosis of Degos. Report of a patient who failed to respond to fibrinolytic therapy
A probable case of rotavirus exanthem
In situ microbiology of the stratum corneum. An application of skin surface biopsy
Delayed hypersensitivity in drug-induced toxic epidermal necrolysis
Vitamin E therapy in dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa
Treatment of pemphigus vulgaris with methotrexate
Human papillomavirus heterogeneity in 36 renal transplant recipients
Prior pregnancy and melanoma survival
Primary cutaneous coccidioidomycosis: a review of the literature and a report of a new case
Malignant melanoma in oculocutaneous albinism
Use of insect repellents for maximum efficacy
An annular erythema of infancy
Lupus erythematosus with oral and perianal mucous membrane involvement
Acquired progressive kinking of the hair
Use of immunofluorescence staining in kerion
Early diagnosis of cutaneous malignant melanoma at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory
Interferon gamma therapy for cutaneous leishmaniasis
Perineal eruption in Kawasaki's syndrome
Focal keratosis follicularis overlying dermatofibroma
The Efficacy of Afamelanotide and Narrowband UV-B Phototherapy for Repigmentation of Vitiligo
Induction of acantholysis in organ explant culture by penicillamine and captopril
Herpes gestationis in blacks
The microanatomical basis of facial frown lines
Interferon and Hillary Clinton
Centennial Paper. November 1951 (Arch Dermatol Syphilol: Cortisone acetate administered orally in dermatologic therapy by Marion B. Sulzberger, Victor H. Witten and Stanley N. Yaffe
Nodular primary cutaneous amyloidosis. Isolation and characterization of amyloid fibrils
A peculiar papulosquamous eruption involving pigmented nevi
Keratinizing dermatoses. Combined data from four centers on short-term topical treatment with tretinoin
Congenital segmental dermal melanocytosis in an adult
Squamous cell carcinoma arising in long-standing granulomatous hyalohyphomycosis caused by Fusarium solani
Psoriasis induced at the injection site of recombinant interferon gamma. Results of immunohistologic investigations
Melanoacanthoma of the lip
Bullous pemphigoid and ovarian cystadenocarcinoma. Immunologic studies
Pulsed carbon dioxide laser, trichloroacetic acid, Baker-Gordon phenol, and dermabrasion: a comparative clinical and histologic study of cutaneous resurfacing in a porcine model
T-cell subsets in drug-induced toxic epidermal necrolysis. Possible pathogenic mechanism induced by CD8-positive T cells
An edentulous woman with warty lesions. Lipoid proteinosis
Porphyria Cutanea Tarda Induced by the Use of Pravastatin
Vitamin E and dapsone-induced hemolysis
Delusions of parasitosis. An approach to the problem
Bindi depigmentation
Words Before Actions
Impact of skin diseases on military operations
Photoallergic contact dermatitis. Results of photopatch testing in New York, 1985 to 1990
Pseudoxanthoma elasticum in hyperphosphatasia
Conjugal porphyria cutanea tarda
Aligning Prognosis, Patient Goals, Policy, and Care Models for Palliative Care in Nursing Homes
Immunology of human dermatophyte infections
Ultraviolet radiation, Langerhans' cells, and skin cancer. Conspiracy and failure
Ichthyosiform dermatosis, keratitis, and deafness
Histiocytic medullary reticulosis. Report of two cases and review of the literature
Smoking Among Hospitalized Patients: Another Opportunity to Improve Patients' Health
Socioeconomic pressure for new methods of health care delivery
Rapid Healing of Scar-Associated Chronic Wounds After Ablative Fractional Resurfacing
Chloracetamide: an unusual cause of cosmetic dermatitis
Microbial factors in psoriasis
On preventing an unnecessary confrontation
Periodic acid-Schiff-positive organisms in primary cutaneous Bacillus cereus infection. Case report and an investigation of the periodic acid-Schiff staining properties of bacteria
Archives of Dermatology Reader's Choice: Continuing Medical Education
Systemic argyria secondary to topical silver nitrate
Low-intensity selective UV phototherapy. A clinical trial in outpatient therapy for psoriasis
Pruritus ani in an elderly man. Extramammary Paget's disease
Pustular psoriasis of Zumbusch, generalized
Pathology quiz case 2: lymphatoid papulosis
Urinary Tract Infection in Male Veterans
Failure of fresh plasma in Leiner Disease
Hypopigmented macules. Hypopigmented mycosis fungoides (MF)
Chronic active hepatitis and erythema nodosum
Letter: Demeclocycline hydrochloride and diminished sex drive
Clindamycin vs placebo as adjunctive therapy in moderately severe acne
Paper-tape occlusion of anthralin paste. A new outpatient therapy for psoriasis
When Physicians Counsel About Stress: Results of a National Study
Nomenclature of staphylococci and micrococci
Bibliography of secondary sources on the history of dermatology. II. Obituaries and biographies in English journals before 1973: M through Z
Centennial paper: Beta dimethylaminoethyl benzhydryl ether hydrochloride (benadryl) in treatment of urticaria by Arthur C. Curtis and Betty Brechner Owens
The nail in Darier-White disease
Painful piezogenic pedal papules
Fibrotic skin diseases. Clinical presentations, etiologic considerations, and treatment options
Evidence that sunscreens prevent UV radiation-induced immunosuppression in humans. Sunscreens have their day in the sun
Microcystic adnexal carcinoma. Immunohistologic observations suggesting dual (pilar and eccrine) differentiation
Acquired periungual fibrokeratoma. A rare benign tumor previously described as the garlic-clove fibroma
Linear pruritic papulovesicular eruption in a woman. Lichen striatus
Heterogeneity of pemphigus vulgaris antigens
Contraceptive conundrum. II. Hypertension
Anti-idiotypic antibodies as vaccine candidates. The immune network
Letter: Acneiform eruption due to lithium carbonate
Fear, loathing, dermatology, and telemedicine
Fasting for Lipid Testing: Is It Worth the Trouble?
Anatomic distribution of acquired melanocytic nevi in white children. A comparison with melanoma: the Vancouver Mole Study
The Risk of Hip Fracture After Initiating Antihypertensive Drugs in the Elderly
Psychological characteristics of alopecia patients
Sezary-like cells from supernatant of Burkitt lymphocyte cell culture
Plane xanthomatosis associated with myelomatosis
Harlequin ichthyosis with epidermal lipid abnormality
Update in Wound Healing in Facial Plastic Surgery
Bullous variant of chemotherapy-induced acral erythema
Plasma exchange and dermatitis herpetiformis
Fish oil consumption reduces hypertriglyceridemia in psoriatic patients receiving etretinate therapy
Penicillamine-induced bullous pemphigoid-like eruption
Liberty, Anyone?
Acute cellulitis
IgE in atopic dermatitis and other common dermatoses
Sunlight avoidance and cancer prevention in xeroderma pigmentosum
Familial occurrence of alpha 1-antitrypsin deficiency and Weber-Christian disease
Topically applied griseofulvin in prevention and treatment of Trichophyton mentagrophytes
Hair abnormalities and a rash with a double-edged scale. Netherton's syndrome
Reticulated porokeratosis. A unique variant of porokeratosis
Metastatic basal cell epithelioma discovered by chemosurgery
Cellular retinoid-binding proteins
Ehlers-Danlos syndrome simulating child abuse
Surgical training of dermatologists
Vesicular Jarisch-Herxheimer reaction
A painful step. Eccrine poroma
Thalidomide neuropathy incidence and clinico-electrophysiologic findings in 42 patients
Chronic bullous disease with coexistent circulating IgG and IgA anti-basement membrane zone antibodies
Infantile digital fibroma
Not So Small Vessel Vasculitis
Epidermotropically metastatic malignant melanoma. Differentiating malignant melanoma metastatic to the epidermis from malignant melanoma primary in the epidermis
Treatment of traumatic tattoos with the Q-switched neodymium:YAG laser
The Supreme Court Decision
Clinical and histologic heterogeneity of psoriatic plaques. Therapeutic relevance
Diffuse, ulcerating plaques and nodules. Necrobiotic xanthogranuloma (NXG) with paraproteinemia
Eosinophilia and multiple erythematous indurated plaques. Idiopathic hypereosinophilic syndrome (IHS)
Cicatricial pemphigoid of Brunsting-Perry. Immunofluorescent studies
Alopecia areata. A review of therapy, efficacy, safety, and mechanism
Porokeratosis palmaris et plantaris disseminata. Report of a case with abnormal DNA ploidy in lesional epidermis
Lymphomatoid papulosis. Case reports and literature review
The significance of oral mucosal and salivary gland pathology after allogeneic bone marrow transplantation
Crusted (Norwegian) scabies. Occurrence in a child undergoing a bone marrow transplant
Recurrent coumarin-induced skin necrosis in a patient with an acquired functional protein C deficiency
Malignant melanoma and Papillon-Lefvre syndrome
Cutaneous phycomycosis (mucormycosis) with fatal pulmonary dissemination
Association of Changes in Clinical Characteristics and Management With Improvement in Survival Among Patients With ST-Elevation Myocardial Infarction
Mucinous (adenocystic) carcinoma of the skin
Eosinophilic ulcer of the tongue
Pseudomelanoma in nevus sebaceus of Jadassohn
Azathioprine. An effective, corticosteroid-sparing therapy for patients with recalcitrant cutaneous lupus erythematosus or with recalcitrant cutaneous leukocytoclastic vasculitis
Prominent inferior labial artery
Cutaneous Vasculitis
Potential subversion of pregnancy prevention program in the managed care setting
False negative immediate photopatch test to tribromsalan
Cutaneous xanthomas associated with chronic myelomonocytic leukemia
Pustular necrotizing angiitis
Pruritic urticarial papules and plaques of pregnancy and its relationship to maternal-fetal weight gain and twin pregnancy
A possible case of subcorneal pustular dermatosis in an Egyptian mummy
Basal cell epithelioma in smallpox vaccination scar. Report of a case
An unusual variant of Dariers's disease: a therapeutic suggestion
Rectangular reticulate patches on the pretibial areas. Erythema ab igne
Letter: Acanthosis nigricans following use of oral contraceptives
Nonhealing ulcers on the lower extremities. Cryoglobulinemia
Use of fluorinated steroid on the face
Molecular mechanisms of genetic disorders of keratinization
Scabies in health-care facilities--Iowa
Scleredema and persistent erythema
Pellagra in a patient with anorexia nervosa
Proliferation characteristics of cutaneous squamous cell carcinomas developing in organ graft recipients. Comparison with squamous cell carcinomas of nonimmunocompromised hosts by counting argyrophilic proteins associated with nucleolar organizer regions
Solar urticaria treatment by inducing tolerance to artificial radiation and natural light
Exacerbation of atopic dermatitis. Production by topical application of retinoic acid
Prognostic clinicopathologic factors in cutaneous T-cell lymphoma
Periorbital basal cell carcinoma requiring ablative craniofacial surgery
Lupus erythematosus, ? Lichen planus
Cutaneous ciliated cystadenoma in a man
Elevated heparin-precipitable fraction of plasma in granuloma annulare
Weed wacker dermatitis
Blistering eruption in healthy newborns. Case 1. Epidermolysis bullosa simplex
Total-body photographs of dysplastic nevi: who pays?
Histopathologic spectrum of clinically atypical melanocytic nevi. II. Studies of nonfamilial melanoma
Acrodermatitis and acquired zinc deficiency
Multiple bluish subcutaneous nodules. Multiple angiolipomas
Quality of care and the quality assurance manual of the American Academy of Dermatology
Vitiligo or halo nevi occurring in two patients with choroidal melanoma
Trichophyton rubrum infection and keratoderma palmaris et plantaris
Paraffinomas of the scalp
Palmoplantar keratoderma and Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease
Cirrhosis caused by methotrexate in the treatment of psoriasis
Cosmetic dermatologic surgery
Bullous dermatoses of pregnancy
Look at the genes, see what's in the jeans
Diagnostic and Prognostic Utility of Measuring Tumor Necrosis Factor in the Peripheral Circulation of Patients With Immune-Mediated Sensorineural Hearing Loss
Subcutaneous dermoid cysts
Pityriasis amiantacea: a report of 10 cases
The natural history of polymorphous light eruptions
Generalized morphea. II. Electron microscopy of collagen, cells, and the subcutaneous tissue
Self-healing pseudoangiosarcoma. Unusual vascular proliferation resembling a vascular malignancy of the skin
Keratoacanthomas and skin neoplasms associated with suramin therapy
Topically applied tretinoin for senile (solar) comedones
Acne aestivalis
Benign mucous membrane pemphigoid. An unusual case with electron microscopic findings
Chemosurgery for skin cancer: fixed tissue and fresh tissue techniques
Mental depression secondary to fluorouracil therapy for actinic keratoses
Kyrle's disease
Zinc and cutaneous inflammation
Tumor-stage mycosis fungoides. A 32-year survival
Zosteriform keratosis follicularis treated topically with tretinoin
Polymorphic light eruption. Exacerbation from photocopier exposure
Transfusion-associated graft-vs-host disease in patients with malignancies. Report of two cases and review of the literature
Caution in the use of local therapies for Kaposi's sarcoma
Condyloma acuminatum in Rochester, Minn, 1950-1978. II. Anaplasias and unfavorable outcomes
Letter: Pyoderma gangrenosum and leukemia
Multiple palmoplantar histiocytomas
Bilateral, nonsymmetric dermatomal nevi flammei
Trigeminal trophic syndrome
Cellulitis of the foot due to Eikenella corrodens
Letter: Acne traumatica allergica
Cutaneous involvement in malignant histiocytosis. Case report and review of the literature
Ulcers associated with congenital arteriovenous fistulas
Basal cell carcinomas and basal cell carcinoma-like changes overlying dermatofibromas
Keratosis follicularis. (Darier's disease). Response to simultaneous administration of vitamins A and E
Histiocytic medullary reticulosis with cutaneous lesions
Raynaud's syndrome. Treatment with sublingual administration of nitroglycerin, swinging arm maneuver, and biofeedback training
Granulomatous perioral dermatitis or sarcoid?
Letter: Dye-photoinactivation and herpes simplex
Acute panniculitis: a clinical and histopathologic study of 34 cases
Palmoplantar keratosis acuminata with facial sebaceous hyperplasia
Prognostic index in malignant melanoma
Leukonychia striata longitudinalis
Persistent toxic erythema and chronic urticaria. Possible association with the use of measles virus vaccine
An old lady with scarring alopecia and an ulcerated sole. Ulcerative lichen planus
Cyclosporine in dermatology. Fears and opportunities
Immunohistologic studies in pityriasis rosea. Evidence for cellular immune reaction in the lesional epidermis
Complication of jogging
Toxic epidermal necrolysis. Granulocytic leukopenia as a prognostic indicator
Disseminated cutaneous sporotrichosis. Three illustrative cases
Leprosy downgrading reaction associated with griseofulvin
0.1% triamcinolone acetonide ointment and patch test responses
Managed care and the treatment of skin diseases. Dermatologists do it less often
Xeroderma pigmentosum. Cutaneous, ocular, and neurologic abnormalities in 830 published cases
Nodular 'pure' mucocutaneous histiocytosis X in an adult
Urticaria pigmentosa in identical twins
Acute graft-vs-host disease. Development following autologous and syngeneic bone marrow transplantation
Subepidermal bullae secondary to Escherichia coli septicemia
Lipoid proteinosis. Demonstration of normal lipid metabolism in cultured cells
Palmar-plantar lichen sclerosus et atrophicus
Acrokeratosis paraneoplastica (Bazex' syndrome)
Clinical and histopathologic correlation of midge bites
Pyoderma gangrenosum in childhood
Topical treatment of alopecia areata
Antiplatelet Therapy Following Myocardial Infarction in Patients With Diabetes
Dermatomyositis without muscle weakness. Long-term follow-up of 12 patients without systemic corticosteroids
Is benzyl alcohol an allergen?
Multiple cutaneous granular cell tumors and neurofibromatosis in childhood. A case report and review of the literature
Blue Macule on the Volar Surface of the Left Thumb—Quiz Case
Squamous cell carcinoma of the sole in a patient with chronic graft-vs-host disease
A histologic study of epithelial dysplasia in oral lichen planus
Longitudinal melanotic streaks as a clue to Laugier-Hunziker syndrome
Pregnancy in patients with Hansen disease
Multiple papules on the face. Multiple miliary osteoma cutis
Pediculosis capitis
Disseminated histoplasmosis in patients receiving low-dose methotrexate therapy for psoriasis
Relative area index in congenital nevi
Abnormal Hair Samples From Patients With Alzheimer Disease
Perfume dermatitis. a study of 20 patients
Disseminated cutaneous granulomas from BCG therapy
Cutaneous metastatic adenocarcinoma of gallbladder origin
Linear IgA bullous dermatosis. Successful treatment with colchicine
Syphilis. From 1495 Naples to 1989 AIDS
Subcutaneous mycosis fungoides
Apologies to John Donne
Implications of dietary oils and polyunsaturated fatty acids in the management of cutaneous disorders
Association of Postdischarge Complications With Reoperation and Mortality in General Surgery
Superior vena caval syndrome
Immunosuppression in men with bowenoid papulosis
Smoking Cessation Reminders
Pigmented guinea pig skin irradiated with Q-switched ruby laser pulses. Morphologic and histologic findings
Acral necrosis in a patient with chronic renal failure. Calciphylaxis
Acral peeling skin syndrome
Immunologic studies support homeopathic medicine
Natural history of sensitizations in atopic dermatitis. A 3-year follow-up in 250 children: food allergy and high risk of respiratory symptoms
Retinoids in dermatology: an interim report
Perioral keratoacanthomas with extensive perineural invasion and intravenous growth
Carpal tunnel syndrome appearing with prominent skin symptoms
Shortage of full-time faculty in dermatology
Metastatic carcinoma of the scalp
Hypomelanosis from an antioxidant in polyethylene film
Reaction to gold therapy
Hidrocystomas
Topically applied tretinoin in the treatment of trichostasis spinulosa
An anemic woman with sparse telangiectases. Osler-Weber-Rendu disease
Variations in plasma levels with 12 different forms of methoxsalen
The leech: of dermatologic interest?
"Acne cosmetica"
Hepatitis and bone destruction as uncommon manifestations of early syphilis. Report of a case
Extensive verrucosis in primary immunodeficiency diseases
Antiepiligrin cicatricial pemphigoid. A subepithelial bullous disorder
Treatment of hereditary painful callosities with tretinoin
Diagnostic imaging in the initial staging of mycosis fungoides and Sezary syndrome
Metronidazole therapy for cutaneous leishmaniasis
Progeria
Immunohistochemistry of ultraviolet-induced pemphigus and pemphigoid lesions
Drug interference with laboratory tests
Alopecia mucinosa of the face associated with mycosis fungoides
Psoriatic angiogenic factor: evidence for its existence
Septal granulomatous panniculitis in Sweet's syndrome. Report of two cases
The impact of managed care on graduate medical education and academic medical centers
Hidradenitis suppurativa following acanthosis nigricans. Report of two cases
Cimetidine in scleroderma
Bullous eruption in a patient with lupus erythematosus
Commentary: antihistamines and the treatment of urticaria
Histopathologic diagnosis of pityriasis lichenoides et varioliformis acuta and its clinical correlation
Donald Marion Pillsbury 1902-1980
Kaposi's sarcoma in a 6-day-old infant with human immunodeficiency virus
Failure of Clinical Practice Guidelines to Meet Institute of Medicine Standards
Primary inoculation tuberculosis of the skin. Prosector's paronychia,
Evaluation and management of melanonychia striata in a patient receiving phototherapy
Arm tumor resembling a supernumerary nipple
Controlled study of plasma exchange in pemphigus
Scleroderma. A model for fibrosis
Basal cell epithelioma with a hypopigmented halo
Isotretinoin treatment of recalcitrant warts in an immunosuppressed man
Sea-blue histiocytes in mycosis fungoides
Pulsed dye laser treatment of telangiectatic chronic erythema of cutaneous lupus erythematosus
Cryosurgery of porokeratosis plantaris discreta
Actinomycetoma caused by Streptomyces somaliensis
Failure of lysine in frequently recurrent herpes simplex infection
Irregularly pigmented hyperkeratotic plaque on the thumb. Bowen's disease
Photoprotective adaptation. Some quantitative aspects
Contribution of Infection to Increased Mortality in Women After Cardiac Surgery
Topical Traditional Chinese Medicine
The effect of topical tretinoin on dysplastic nevi. A preliminary trial
Erythema dyschromicum perstans and lichen planus
Acquired zinc deficiency in a breast-fed premature infant
Malignant melanoma of mucous membranes. A clinicopathologic study of 13 cases in Japanese patients
Secondary syphilis presenting as a pruritic dermatosis
Cimetidine and warts
Distinct Clinical Characteristics of C9orf72 Expansion Carriers Compared With GRN, MAPT, and Nonmutation Carriers in a Flanders-Belgian FTLD Cohort
T-cell receptor gene rearrangements. Progress and promise
The zinc compound test
Complete remissions in psoralen and UV-A (PUVA)-refractory mycosis fungoides-type cutaneous T-cell lymphoma with combined interferon alfa and PUVA
Ultraviolet light and tar in the Goeckerman treatment of psoriasis
Granulocytic sarcoma. A new finding in the setting of preleukemia
Penile horn
Yellow nodule within an atrophic thigh patch. Localized lipoatrophy, semicircular type
Twenty-nail dystrophy: a variant of lichen planus
Focal epithelial hyperplasia. Report of two cases from Israel and review of literature
Lead and Child Development
Reticulate pigmented anomaly of the flexures. Case reports and genetic investigation
Nevus anemicus
Diagnosis and prognosis of New World leishmaniasis
Panniculitis associated with severe alpha 1-antitrypsin deficiency. Treatment and review of the literature
Proceedings: Tuberous sclerosis (forme fruste) vs. Cowden syndrome
Restructuring dermatology education at Cleveland medical centers affiliated with Case Western Reserve University
Eruptive vellus hair cyst. Clinical and histologic findings
Dermatology in the Oregon plan with implications for health care plans in other states
Hepatotoxicity of methotrexate in the treatment of psoriasis
The effect of ibuprofen on serum dapsone levels and disease activity in dermatitis herpetiformis
Histology and cytochemistry of human skin. XXXVI. The nose and lips
Gluten sensitivity
Phototoxic reactions to photoactive drugs in patients treated with PUVA
Mycobacterium gordonae infection of the hand
Effect of Fresh Red Blood Cell Transfusions on Clinical Outcomes in Premature, Very Low-Birth-Weight Infants
Cutaneous ulcerations secondary to interferon alfa therapy of Kaposi's sarcoma
Letter: Pilomatrixoma
The polymorphic phototest reaction
Antifungal pulse therapy for onychomycosis. A pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic investigation of monthly cycles of 1-week pulse therapy with itraconazole
Therapeutic considerations in recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa
Granuloma annulare and amniotic band syndrome
Oncogenes. The growth control genes
Dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans. A tumor with perineural and endoneural cell features
"Familial benign chronic pemphigus" by Hailey and Hailey, April 1939. Commentary: Hailey-Hailey disease, familial benign chronic pemphigus
Assessing the preferences of patients with psoriasis. A quantitative, utility approach
Localized lipoatrophy (atrophic connective tissue disease panniculitis)
Prognosis in melanoma. What have we learned?
Porcine dermis dressings in epidermolysis bullosa
Topical cyclosporine in the treatment of vulvar lichen sclerosus: clinical, histologic, and immunohistochemical findings
The significance of linear IgM deposits in the basement membrane zone
Online Programs Help With Weight Loss
Pigmented calcifying epithelioma. Review and presentation of a case with unusual features
Porphyria-like cutaneous changes induced by tetracycline hydrochloride photosensitization
Functional analyses of the superficial stratum corneum in atopic xerosis
Immunoglobulin E in dermatoses. Levels in atopic dermatitis and urticaria
Topical treatment of herpes labialis with chloroform
Triamcinolone and pyoderma gangrenosum
A solitary plaque of the cheek--granuloma faciale
'Irritants' increase the response to an allergen in allergic contact dermatitis
Morphea and progeria
Widespread eruption in a patient from Haiti
A simple technique for managing digital mucous cysts
Pharmacologic treatment of severe skin-picking behaviors in Prader-Willi syndrome. Two case reports
Comparative Clinical Trial of 2 Carbon Dioxide Resurfacing Lasers With Varying Pulse Durations
Epidemiological evidence of the association between lichen planus and two immune-related diseases. Alopecia areata and ulcerative colitis. Gruppo Italiano Studi Epidemiologici in Dermatologia
Compositae dermatitis in childhood
Multiple keratoacanthomas and junctional epidermolysis bullosa. A therapeutic conundrum
Fixed long ultraviolet eruption
Kyrle disease. Treatment with topically applied tretinoin
Considering excellence
Adult-onset leukoderma and malignant melanoma
Is favorable prognosis of squamous cell carcinoma of the skin due to efficient immune surveillance?
Instantaneous decompression and the skin
Acneform changes in areas of cobalt irradiation
Management of scabies in patients with human immunodeficiency virus disease
Kaposi's sarcoma. Where do we go from here?
A subungual nodule of recent onset. Tungiasis
Self-application of a protective cream. Pitfalls of occupational skin protection
IgE in atopic dermatitis
Cytomegalovirus diaper dermatitis
The Attending Physician on the Wards
Corticosteroid-induced juxta-articular adiposis dolorosa
Diabetic patient with crusted plaques. Crusted (Norwegian) scabies
Photochemotherapy in erythrodermic seborrhoic dermatitis
Papulosquamous eruption with weight loss: Necrolytic migratory erythema (glucagonoma syndrome)
Penicillamine-induced pemphigus foliaceus-like dermatosis. A case with unusual features, successfully treated by plasmapheresis
Necrobiotic xanthogranuloma
Basal cell carcinoma overlying long-standing dermatofibromas
Ketoconazole in the treatment of acne in women
Lupus panniculitis
Keratosis
Hyperpigmentation, melanosome size, and distribution patterns of melanosomes
Thermalism in Argentina
Estrogen and progesterone receptors in melanocytic lesions. Occurrence in patients with dysplastic nevus syndrome
Nonhealing erosions with granulation tissue in the treatment of acne lesions during isotretinoin therapy
Flushing syndrome due to mahimahi (scombroid fish) poisoning
Clinicopathologic manifestations of Epstein-Barr virus-associated cutaneous lymphoproliferative disorders
Cutaneous leishmaniasis
Candidiasis endocrinopathy syndrome. Treatment with itraconazole
Pemphigoid nodularis
Topical methoxsalen administration and sunlamp fluorescent irradiation in psoriasis
Dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans with lymph node and pulmonary metastases
The cutaneous amyloidoses. Pathogenesis and therapy
Is it reasonable for a dermatologist to treat acne?
Anemia of azaribine in the treatment of psoriasis
True histiocytic lymphoma
Lymphomatoid papulosis. An additional case of a new disease
Long-term suppression of recurrent genital herpes with acyclovir. A 5-year benchmark. Acyclovir Study Group
Managed care: a cautionary note
Metastasizing eccrine porocarcinoma developing in a sebaceous nevus of Jadassohn. Report of a case
Anal verrucous carcinoma associated with human papilloma virus type 11: magnetic resonance imaging and flow cytometry evaluation
Should the excisional biopsy of clinically probable melanomas include a margin that might also serve as adequate for treatment?
Letter: Primary cutaneous aspergillosis due to Aspergillus terreus
The proposed use of H2-receptor antagonists in urticaria and atopic dermatitis
Generalized rash form whirlpools and hot tubs
Intralesional recombinant alpha-2 interferon for the treatment of patients with condyloma acuminatum or verruca plantaris
Nummular purpura
Psychological characteristics of psoriatics. Implications for management
Penile cysts and canals
Epidermolysis bullosa acquisita and associated symptomatic esophageal webs
Treatment of psoriasis with daunorubicin and cytarabine
Classical and ulcerative lichen planus with plasma cell infiltrate
Exaggerated physiologic speckled mottling of the limbs
Multivisceral Resection for Locally Advanced Gastric Cancer
Zinc therapy and distribution in psoriasis
The occurrence of mycosis fungoides in two patients with preexisting Hodgkin's disease
Multiple glomus tumors with a family history
Clinical efficacy studies of haloprogin, a new topical antimicrobial agent
Lesions on the feet of a scuba diver. Cutaneous larva migrans
Expression of toxic epidermal necrolysis in grafted skin is donor-site dominant
Photodistributed hereditary ochronosis
Late-onset chronic mucocutaneous and ocular candidiasis and malignant thymoma
Angiolymphoid hyperplasia with eosinophilia: monoclonal leukocyte antibody studies in two cases
Improved discriminative and evaluative capability of a refined version of Skindex, a quality-of-life instrument for patients with skin diseases
Update to CDC’s <emph type="ital">Sexually Transmitted Diseases Treatment Guidelines, 2010</emph>: Oral Cephalosporins No Longer a Recommended Treatment for Gonococcal Infections
Protection against UV-B by UV-A-induced tan
Absorption and local action of methotrexate in human and mouse skin
Protease-inhibitor deficiencies in a patient with Weber-Christian panniculitis
Proceedings: Dermal eccrine cylindroma, epithelioma adenoides cysticum of Brooke, and ecrine spiradenoma
Phakomatosis pigmentovascularis type IIb with iris mammillations
Kaposi sarcoma, Kaposi sarcoma-associated herpesvirus, and human T-cell lymphotropic virus type 1. What is the current evidence for causality?
Verruciform xanthoma in an epithelial nevus
Unusual manifestations of gastrointestinal Kaposi's sarcoma in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Benign cutaneous polyarteritis nodosa. Relationship to systemic polyarteritis nodosa and to hepatitis B infection
Possible Kawasaki disease in a 20-year-old woman
Abnormal elastic tissue in cartilage-hair hypoplasia
Adenosquamous carcinoma of the skin. An aggressive mucin- and gland-forming squamous carcinoma
Calcium and the skin
Abdominal Pain and a Biliary Abnormality
Heterogeneity in autosomal recessive ichthyosis. Clinical and biochemical differentiation of lamellar ichthyosis and nonbullous congenital ichthyosiform erythroderma
Transfer of topically applied tetracycline in various vehicles
Sweat gland tumor with glandular and spindle cell features
Annular eruptions of infancy and neonatal lupus erythematosus
Linear erosions in a newborn. Amniotic band syndrome
Fibroepithelioma of Pinkus overlying breast cancer
Middermal wound healing. A comparison between dermatomal excision and pulsed carbon dioxide laser ablation
Nephrotic syndrome and granulomatous hepatitis in secondary syphilis
Lichen planus-like histopathologic characteristics in the cutaneous graft-vs-host reaction. Prognostic significance independent of time course after allogeneic bone marrow transplantation
Dermal and epidermal types of erythema multiforme. A histopathologic study of 24 cases
Congenital appearance of plaque-type blue nevi
Antibodies against the cytoplasm of human epidermal cells
Ultrastructural localization of calcium in psoriatic and normal human epidermis
Diffuse Ulcerated Skin Rash
Absence of anti-single-stranded DNA antibodies in vulvar lichen sclerosus et atrophicus
Early detection of streptococcal group antigens in skin samples by latex particle agglutination
Trichotillomania. A clinicopathologic study
Mohs surgery for lentigo maligna
Breast carcinoma metastatic to the eyelids
Letter: Hyperkeratosis lenticularis perstans
New Skin for Old
Fine-needle aspiration biopsy, curettage, and swab samples in bacteriologic analysis of leg ulcers
Delayed hypersensitivity in drug-induced toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN)
Management of necrotizing vasculitis with colchicine. Improvement in patients with cutaneous lesions and Behcet's syndrome
The morbid cutaneous anatomy of the human genome
Benign mastocytomas
Asymptomatic slowly growing tumor on the forearm. Neurothekeoma
Supernumerary areolae
'Cystic papilloma' in humans? Demonstration of human papillomavirus in plantar epidermoid cysts
Histopathologic concept of epidermolytic hyperkeratosis
Acquired cutis laxa associated with multiple myeloma
Bleomycin-mediated electrochemotherapy of metastatic melanoma
Salary Differences by Gender
Leukoedema of the oral mucosa. Possibly an acquired white sponge nevus
Photosensitivity caused by chloroquine
Tetracycline-induced esophageal ulcerations
Acne in retarded boy with autosomal chromosomal abnormality
IgE levels in atopic dermatitis
Fluorescence with chloroxine shampoo
Fibrogenic growth factors in the eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome and the toxic oil syndrome
Sebaceous neoplasms associated with visceral carcinomas
Demonstration of interleukin 8 and autoantibodies to interleukin 8 in the serum of patients with systemic sclerosis and related disorders
Hepatoma presenting as a skin metastasis
Dome-Shaped Partly Umbilicated Tumor on the Ear
'Cystic papilloma': human papillomavirus in a palmar epidermoid cyst
Photosensitivity associated with combined UV-B and calcipotriene therapy
Freehand skin grafts using the shave technique
Benign chronic bullous dermatosis of childhood
Proliferating systematized angioendotheliomatosis
Ichthyosiform rash and fever in a child. Tinea corporis and capitis due to Trichophyton tonsurans
Aggressive chondroid syringoma. Report of a case in an unusual location and with local recurrence
Basal cell epithelioma arising in a linear epidermal nevus
Routine screening for syphilis is justified in patients admitted to psychiatric, alcohol, and drug rehabilitation wards of the Veterans Administration Medical Center
Schonlein-Henoch purpura in adult patients. Predictive factors for IgA glomerulonephritis in a retrospective study of 57 cases
Estrogen, skin aging, and study design
Reiter's syndrome of the vulva. The psoriasis spectrum
Primary cutaneous large B-cell lymphomas of the legs. A distinct type of cutaneous B-cell lymphoma with an intermediate prognosis. Dutch Cutaneous Lymphoma Working Group
Epithelioma Cuniculatum
Progressive nodular histiocytoma
Letter: Pseudomonas infections
Gianotti-Crosti syndrome and human immunodeficiency virus infection
Polyurethane coating in the prevention of nickel dermatitis
Kyrle's disease in patients with chronic renal failure
Hydrochlorothiazide and the control of premenstrual exacerbation of acne
Dermatitis from applied medicaments
Purpura Fulminans From Meningococcemia Mimicking Stevens-Johnson Syndrome in an Adult Patient Taking Etanercept
Carcinoma of the inframammary crease
p53 oncoprotein expression and proliferation index in keratoacanthoma and squamous cell carcinoma
Cultured skin grafts. Past, present, future
A dermatopathologist looks at Mohs micrographic surgery
Leg ulcers and purple nail beds. Essential mixed cryoglobulinemia
Subcutaneous fat necrosis of the newborn and idiopathic hypercalcemia. Report of a case
Lentiginosis profusa in daughter and mother: multiple granular cell "myoblastomas" in the former
Childhood Obesity
Use of lindane
Periorbital papules and nodules. Necrobiotic xanthogranuloma
Pigmented basal cell cancer masquerading as superficial spreading malignant melanoma
Proceedings: Epidermolysis bullosa
Laser treatment of multiple progressive glomangiomas
Successful therapy of metastatic eccrine poroma using perilesional interferon alfa and interleukin 2
Pulsed dye laser treatment of angiolymphoid hyperplasia with eosinophilia lesions
Pneumatic Retinopexy for the Repair of Primary Rhegmatogenous Retinal Detachment
The lupus band test as a measure of disease activity in systemic lupus erythematosus
Proflavine staining of the skin demonstrated by fluorescent microscopy
Pathology quiz case 2: Kaposi's sarcoma
Proceedings: Unilateral systematized hypochromic nevus
Punch biopsy wounds treated with Monsel's solution or a collagen matrix. A comparison of healing
Apocrine hidrocystoma adjacent to the umbilicus
JOURNAL OF CUTANEOUS AND GENITO-URINARY DISEASES.
Perforating rheumatoid nodule
Hypereosinophilia secondary to immunodysregulation in patients with HIV-1 disease
Familial benign chronic pemphigus
Argyria
Unilateral nevoid telangiectasia: three new cases and the role of estrogen
The enigma of bullous pemphigoid and dermatitis herpetiformis
Clinical panel assessment of photodamaged skin treated with isotretinoin using photographs
Sarcoidosis with leg ulcers and annular facial lesions
Multiple papules in a localized area. Segmental neurofibromatosis
Pityriasis rotunda: a dermatophytosis?
Dysplastic melanocytic nevi. Normal variants or melanoma precursors?
Olmsted syndrome. Case report and identification of a keratin abnormality
Quinidine-induced acne
'Recent' advances in dermatology, medicine, cardiology, surgery, and rheumatology
The labial melanotic macule
On the Importance of the Clinician-Educator
Letter: Nocardia brasiliensis mycetoma: treatment with co-trimoxazole
Immunofluorescence of biopsy specimens: comparison of methods of transportation
Comment on Mills et al's "Acne vulgaris"
The relationship between anti-Ro (SS-A) antibody-positive Sjogren's syndrome and anti-Ro (SS-A) antibody-positive lupus erythematosus
Plasma exchange in pemphigus. Uncontrolled study of ten patients
The dysmorphic syndrome
Macroglobulinemia cutis
Subcutaneous cysticercosis
Association of bullous pemphigoid with systemic lupus erythematosus
Response of psoriatic nails to the aromatic retinoid etretinate
Purpura as the presenting sign of an internal disease. Multiple myeloma
Traction alopecia in nurses
Phototherapy of pityriasis lichenoides
Familial cold urticaria. Investigation of a family and response to stanozolol
Response of black and white guinea pig skin to photodynamic treatment using 514-nm light and dihematoporphyrin ether
Photoallergic urticaria induced by visible light. Additional cases and further studies
Multiple sebaceous gland tumors and visceral carcinomas
Topical colchicine therapy for recalcitrant psoriasis
Universal dyschromatosis associated with photosensitivity and neurosensory hearing defect
Hailey-Hailey disease. Eradication by dermabrasion
Malignant degeneration of an epithelial nevus
Clinical and pathologic cutaneous manifestations of malignant histiocytosis
The early history of tuberous sclerosis
Racial pigmentation and the cutaneous synthesis of vitamin D
Genomics and Health Care Disparities
Cutaneous side effects of oral contraceptives
Dapsone hypersensitivity. The sulfone syndrome revisited
Factors influencing methoxsalen phototoxicity in vitiliginous skin
Letter: Milk of magnesia treatment for acne
Hyperbaric oxygen treatment of pyoderma gangrenosum
OKT8-reactive cell mycosis fungoides
Ulcerative lichenoid eruption from methyldopa
X-linked ichthyosis with acute lymphoblastic leukemia
Acquired immunodeficiency syndrome-associated psoriasis and Reiter's syndrome
Transepidermal elimination of nevus cells. A possible mechanism of nevus involution
Cyclosporine therapy for bullous erythema multiforme
Thioredoxin reductase. Role in free radical reduction in different hypopigmentation disorders
From the clinic to the research laboratory. The role of the clinician in molecular genetic studies
Aneuploid malignant T cells from a patient with Sezary syndrome can be visualized by in situ hybridization
Cutaneous-type adult T-cell leukemia/lymphoma. A unique clinical feature with monoclonal T-cell proliferation detected by Southern blot analysis
Herpes zoster in a 4-month-old infant
Endometrial adenocarcinoma metastatic to the scalp. Report of two cases
Bibliography of secondary sources on the history of dermatology. I. Journal articles in English
Flucytosine. An effective oral treatment for chromomycosis
Folliculitis with scarring simulating acne varioliformis
Sunscreens
Sanitary napkin dermatitis due to the perfume
Balloon cell nevus. Summary of the clinical and histologic characteristics
Medicaid: Its Role Today and Under the Affordable Care Act
Glycogen in clinical leukoplakia. Distribution and fine structure in human buccal mucosa
Interleukin 12/23 Agents and Major Adverse Cardiovascular Events
Pleomorphic, variably acid-fast bacteria in an adult patient with disabling pansclerotic morphea
Livedo reticularis associated with increased titers of anticardiolipin antibodies in systemic lupus erythematosus
Pemphigus foliaceus. Early clinical appearance as dermatitis herpetiformis with eosinophilic spongiosis
Levodopa administration and multiple primary cutaneous melanomas
Debilitating verruca vulgaris in a patient infected with the human immunodeficiency virus. Dramatic improvement with hyperthermia therapy
Arcuate dermal erythema in a carrier of chronic granulomatous disease
Liver disease associated with methotrexate treatment of psoriatic patients
Androgens and the skin. Another journey around the circle
Cutaneous syndromes of non-X histiocytosis. A review of the macrophage-histiocyte diseases of the skin
Benzoyl peroxide in seborrheic dermatitis
CSF serology
Human papillomavirus
Dermatitis associated with an implanted cardiac pacemaker
Bone destruction of a distal phalanx caused by periungual warts
Management of pemphigus with gold compounds: a long-term follow-up report
Marijuana Use Starting in Youth Linked to IQ Loss
Human papillomavirus in nonmelanoma skin cancer? The phylogenetic tree of the papillomavirus family is not yet complete
Restrictive dermopathy in two brothers
Squamous cell carcinoma in lesions of disseminated superficial actinic porokeratosis: a report of two cases
Atopic dermatitis
Evaluation of Psoralen-UV-B (311-nm) Bath Phototoxicity
Epidermolysis bullosa herpetiformis with mottled pigmentation and an unusual punctate keratoderma
Posttraumatic Venous Thromboembolism as a “Never Event”
Plasmapheresis in severe drug-induced toxic epidermal necrolysis
Black grain mycetoma. A case due to Madurella grisea
Hyperpigmentation occurring in vascular spiders
Progressive perianal ulceration. Ergotism (ergotismus gangraenosus)
The cytokine network in psoriasis
Sunscreen application: flawed study?
Atrophoderma of Pasini and Pierini and systemic scleroderma
The connective tissue nevus-osteopoikilosis syndrome
Hyperkeratotic papules on the hands and feet. Focal acral hyperkeratosis (FAH)
Treatment of hyperhidrosis
Yellow papules on a middle-aged woman. Eruptive xanthomatosis (EX)
Urethroid cyst
Contact allergy to tolnaftate
Modification and Evaluation of a Velopharyngeal Insufficiency Quality-of-Life Instrument
Follicular degeneration syndrome in men
Poikiloderma atrophicans vasculare
The incidence of skin cancer in southern Arizona (Tucson)
Kaposi sarcoma, with emphasis on the internal manifestations
Dibutyryl cyclic AMP inhibition of epidermal cell division
Eosinophilic infiltration in lichen sclerosus et atrophicus
Familial mycosis fungoides revisited
Actinic reticuloid via persistent light reaction from photoallergic contact dermatitis
Juvenile xanthogranuloma and urticaria pigmentosa
Multiple primary cutaneous melanomas
Responses of mycosis fungoides to intensive external treatment with nitrogen mustard
Tinea faciei
Erythema annulare-like pustular psoriasis
Editorial: Cross-sensitization between Frullania and Laurus nobilis: The allergen laurel
Mucous cyst (mucocele). A clinicopathologic and histochemical study
Prone vs Supine Positioning for Breast Cancer Radiotherapy
Hidradenitis suppurativa. Glucose tolerance, clinical, microbiologic, and immunologic features and HLA frequencies in 27 patients
Tumorous nodules on the lower extremities. Systemic mastocytosis
Keratin pattern of acanthosis nigricans in syndromelike association with polythelia, polycystic kidneys, and syndactyly
Dermabrasion for lichen amyloidosus. Report of a long-term study
Nickel as an Occupational Allergen
Severe leukocytoclastic vasculitis of the skin in a patient with essential mixed cryoglobulinemia treated with high-dose gamma-globulin intravenously
Burning discomfort and swelling of the hands and face of a young child. Erythropoietic protoporphyria (EPP)
Multiple penile papules. Syringoma
A family outbreak of acute guttate psoriasis
Scurvy. A case caused by peculiar dietary habits
Longitudinal melanonychia in children. A study of eight cases
Hypersensitivity to aloe
Generalized pustular psoriasis and idiopathic hypoparathyroidism
Monozygotic twins discordant for cutaneous mastocytosis
Toxic epidermal necrolysis (Lyell syndrome). Incidence and drug etiology in France, 1981-1985
Tumor of lower lip
Treatment of hyperkeratotic skin diseases with R 68151, a topical 5-lipoxygenase inhibitor: four case reports
Blistering eruption in healthy newborns. Case 2. Junctional epidermolysis bullosa
Infantile epidermodysplastic erythema gyratum responsive to imidazoles. A new entity?
Keratosis punctata and atopy. Report of 31 cases with a prospective study of prevalence
Comparative activity of benzoyl peroxide and hexachlorophene. In vivo studies against propionibacterium acnes in humans
Failure of interferon alfa and isotretinoin combination therapy in the nevoid basal cell carcinoma syndrome
Granulomatous rosacea
Recurrent vesiculobullous plaques. Eosinophilic cellulitis (Wells syndrome)
Selective cutaneous hyperpigmentation in mice following zidovudine administration
Cross-sensitivity and aminoglycoside antibiotics
The impact of dermatology journals
A 6-month experience at the Regional Dermatology Training Centre in east Africa
Drug reactions to the sulfones
Epidermal lysosomes. Electron microscopic-cytochemical studies
Trichophyton rubrum. Infection of the diaper area
Verrucous Nodule of the Finger
Verruciform xanthoma of the penis
Multiple cases of allergic contact dermatitis occurring simultaneously in families
Urticaria of nine year's duration cleared following dental extraction. A case report
Eruptive histiocytoma of childhood
Dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans of the face
Topical Amitriptyline-Ketamine for the Treatment of Brachioradial Pruritus
Oral zinc therapy of acne. Absorption and clinical effect
Validation of a Melanoma Prognostic Model
The hairless mouse as a model for evaluating sunscreens. Prevention of ultraviolet B inhibition of epidermal DNA synthesis
Integrity in Justifying Surgery for Aging
Transient neonatal pustular melanosis
Normocholesterolemic xanthomatosis
Late-onset syringomas of the upper extremities associated with a carcinoid tumor
Acupuncture for Dyspnea on Exertion in Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease: No Blindness
Multinucleated epidermal giant cells in inflammatory skin diseases
Rhinophycomycosis entomophthorae
Alternative Medicine
Hepatitis C virus infection in patients with porphyria cutanea tarda evaluated in New York, NY
Plasmapheresis therapy of pemphigus
Congenital nevi: the controversy rages on
Pemphigus-like eruption from captopril
Lichen planus limited to the nails
A case of herpes zoster involving a skin graft
Autoantibodies in vitiligo
Glycosaminoglycans in histologic sections
How rare is melanoacanthoma?
Toxic reaction to methotrexate in a patient receiving penicillin and furosemide: a possible interaction
World War I and My Mother's Jaw
Recurrent pyoderma gangrenosum and agnogenic myeloid metaplasia
Stratum corneum lipid abnormalities in ichthyosis. Detection by a new lipid microanalytical method
Surface-mediated defenses against injury
Familial occurrence of pemphigus foliaceus
Patterns and sequence of tissue changes in incipient and evolving lesions of psoriasis
Antitrypsin deficiency vs Gianotti-Crosti syndrome
Glandular extramammary Paget's disease
Cultured Kaposi's sarcoma cell lines express factor XIIIa, CD14, and VCAM-1, but not factor VIII or ELAM-1
Gianotti-Crosti syndrome. A review of ten cases not associated with hepatitis B
A congenital ichthyosiform syndrome with deafness and keratitis
Linear morphea [proceedings]
Calcipotriene ointment applied once a day for psoriasis: a double-blind, multicenter, placebo-controlled study
Unilateral, linear, zosteriform epidermal nevus with acantholytic dyskeratosis
Cyclosporine in lamellar ichthyosis
Plaquelike cutaneous lupus mucinosis
Eruptions due to oral contraceptives
Systemic quinine photosensitivity
The treatment of port-wine stains by the pulsed dye laser. Analysis of pulse duration and long-term therapy
Thyroid neoplasms after radiation therapy for acne
Allergy to Frullania. Allergic contact dermatitis occurring in forest workers caused by exposure to Frullania nisquallensis
Eruptive collagenoma
Umbilical mass. Omphalith
Failure of lysine?
Extensive Mongolian Spots in an Infant With Hurler Syndrome
Dermatologists in the United States, 1968 through 1973
p53 immunostaining in dermatopathology
Cosmetic allergy. A comprehensive study of the many groups of chemical antimicrobial agents
Is Hypertension Overtreatment a Silent Epidemic?
Neonatal lupus erythematosus syndrome
Cutaneous periarteritis nodosa: immunofluorescence studies
The diagnosis of nail fungal infection
Cutaneous leishmaniasis treated with controlled localized heating
Peutz-Jeghers syndrome with pigmented oral papillomas
Transient acantholytic dermatosis: an immunohistochemical study
Surgical restoration of the hand in epidermolysis bullosa
Silicone breast implant-associated scarring dystrophy of the arm
In vivo fluorescence of human skin. A potential marker of photoaging
Falsely elevated urinary level of vanillylmandelic acid induced by griseofulvin
Neutrophilic eccrine hidradenitis. A distinctive type of neutrophilic dermatosis associated with myelogenous leukemia and chemotherapy
cHa-ras proto-oncogene. Amplification and overexpression in UV-B-induced mouse skin papillomas and carcinomas
Dysplastic cutaneous osteomatosis. A unique case of true osteoma
Discoid skin lesion in systemic lupus erythematosus
Cerebral Microbleeds in Lupus Anticoagulant-Hypoprothrombinemia Syndrome
The mechanism of recurrent infection by Herpesvirus hominis
Eosinophilic spongiosis in bullous pemphigoid
Effect of growth hormone therapy on melanocytic nevi in survivors of childhood neoplasia
Frequency of postoperative allergic contact dermatitis to topical antibiotics
Lichen sclerosus et atrophicus. A common and distinctive cause of phimosis in boys
Blue-gray discoloration of the face. Amiodarone-induced cutaneous hyperpigmentation
Epiluminescence microscopy. A useful tool for the diagnosis of pigmented skin lesions for formally trained dermatologists
Malignant melanoma arising from a small congenital nevus in a black child
Cicatricial pemphigoid (Brunsting-Perry type). Case report and immunofluorescence findings
Folliculitis
Acquired generalized anhidrosis
Topical chemotherapy of dysplastic melanocytic nevi with 5% fluorouracil
Hydroxychloroquine administration in pregnancy
Lindane neurotoxic reaction in nonbullous congenital ichthyosiform erythroderma
Skin biopsy for diagnosis of hereditary neurologic metabolic disease
Some aspects of atopic dermatitis
Cryotherapy in recurrent herpes simplex
Fatal penicillamine-induced pemphigus foliaceus-like dermatosis
Coincident vitiligo and psoriasis in the same individual
Papillomavirus common antigens. Papillomavirus antigen in verruca, benign papillomatous lesions, trichilemmoma, and bowenoid papulosis: an immunoperoxidase study
Association of Clopidogrel Treatment With Risk of Mortality and Cardiovascular Events Following Myocardial Infarction in Patients With and Without Diabetes
Childhood bullous dermatitis herpetiformis. Negative immunofluorescent tests
Two cases of trichilemmal-like horn
Uticaria pigmentosa associated with scleroderma
Acute febrile neutrophilic dermatosis in children. Report of two cases in male infants
Norman N. Epstein, MD. 1896-1975
Arteriovenous malformation simulating Kaposi's sarcoma (pseudo-Kaposi's sarcoma)
Cutaneous alternariosis treated with miconazole
Are Bisphosphonates Associated With an Increased Risk of Atypical Femoral Fractures as a Class?
Langerhans' cells in vitiligo
Cryotherapy for psoriasis
A study of the practice of dermatology in the United States. Initial findings
Localized bullous pemphigoid. A mimic of acute contact dermatitis
Linear porokeratosis. A distinctive clinical variant of porokeratosis of Mibelli
Pathology quiz case 2. Multiple glomus tumors
Letter: Congenital and genetic disorders associated with malignant and nonmalignant tumors
Fluoroderma
Clinical significance of basal cell layer antibodies
Actinic reticuloid: an immunohistochemical study
IgE-mediated hypersensitivity and contact sensitivity to multiple environmental allergens in atopic dermatitis
Vulvar melanoma in childhood
Lichen sclerosus et atrophicus treatment with the 585-nm flashlamp-pumped pulsed dye laser
A new formula for depigmenting human skin
Lupus erythematosus
Trabecular carcinoma of the skin
Atypical neutrophilic dermatosis with subcorneal IgA deposits
Hair follicle involvement in bullous pemphigoid
Tinea faciei mimicking lupus erythematosus
Reduction of UV-A radiation induced by calcipotriol in the treatment of vulgar psoriasis with oral psoralen plus UV-A
Multiple cutaneous ulcers of the legs. Mycobacterium chelonae infection
The genetics of hyperkeratosis lenticularis perstans
Granuloma faciale. Treatment with the argon laser
Problems of disability and rehabilitation in patients with chronic skin diseases
Granuloma annulare-like pattern in mycosis fungoides
A case of xeroderma pigmentosum group A diagnosed with a polymerase chain reaction (PCR) technique. Usefulness of PCR in the detection of point mutation in a patient with a hereditary disease
How accurate are dermatologists in the diagnosis of melanoma? Degree of accuracy and implications
Juvenile generalized pustular psoriasis. A report of five cases and a review of the literature
Superficial hemorrhagic fissures of the skin
Intralesional steroid injection after nerve block anesthesia in the treatment of orofacial granulomatosis
Congenital malalignment of great toenails in two sets of monozygotic twins
Ear dermatitis, lactose intolerance, and eczema
Foot ulceration and vertebral osteomyelitis with Corynebacterium haemolyticum
Nodular primary localized cutaneous amyloidosis
Pityrosporum folliculitis and severe pruritus in two patients with Hodgkin's disease
Cutaneous manifestations of idiopathic hermochromatosis.Study of 100 cases
Evidence for eosinophil degranulation in the pathogenesis of herpes gestationis
Nodules on the hand of an American agronomist returning from Saudi Arabia. Acute cutaneous leishmaniasis
Oral patterns of acute and chronic graft-v-host disease
Association of dermatitis herpetiformis and pernicious anemia
Dermatology and the evolution of therapies to control inflammatory tissue injury
Type VII collagen and 19-DEJ-1 antigen. Comparison of expression in inversa and generalized variants of recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa
Apocrine cystadenoma. An ultrastructural study
Steatocystoma multiplex limited to the scalp
Indomethacin for Refractory Infantile Eosinophilic Pustular Folliculitis
A penile-tunnel 'pop up wart': an unusual complication of penile adhesions
Subungual myxoma
Oral ketoconazole. An effective and safe treatment for dermatophytosis
Recalibrating for excellence
Letter: No cell-mediated autohypersensitivity in psoriasis
Pathology Quiz Case 2
Pathology Quiz Case 1
'Golden tongue' syndrome caused by Ramichloridium schulzeri
Immediate sunburn-like reaction in a patient with formaldehyde photosensitivity
Pemphigus vegetans limited to the lips and oral mucosa
Pretreatment with long-wave ultraviolet light inhibits ultraviolet-induced skin tumor development in hairless mice
Anetoderma. Clinical findings, associations, and long-term follow-up evaluations
Treatment of Hallopeau's acrodermatitis with topical mechlorethamine
Spread of condyloma acuminata to infants and children
New Drug: Caution Indicated
Debriding properties of krill enzymes in necrotic leg ulcers
Anti-pigment-cell factors and mucocutaneous candidiasis
Newer concepts of atopic dermatitis
The Aging Brain and Cognition
Pruritus in hepatic cholestasis. Pathogenesis and therapy
A peculiar purple bruise. Necrotizing fasciitis due to a group-A beta-hemolytic streptococci
Mechanisms of immunologic injury. Pemphigus and bullous pemphigoid
Pharmacodynamics of repository adrenocorticotropic hormone preparations in man
Response of mycosis fungoides to topical chemotherapy with mechlorethamine
Pseudoainhum associated with linear scleroderma
Widespread papules and nodules in a Ugandan man with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome. African blastomycosis
Maculopapular eruption in hypoparathyroidism
Advertising principles
Diffuse palmoplantar keratoderma with deafness
Epidermolysis bullosa and congenital localized absence of skin
Cyclosporin A in the treatment of lichen planus
Squamous cell carcinoma in old radiation treated lupus vulgaris scar on neck
Purpura fulminans. A cutaneous manifestation of severe protein C deficiency
Variant of keratoderma hereditaria mutilans (Vohwinkel's syndrome). Treatment with orally administered isotretinoin
Pilomatrixoma (calcifying epithelioma). A statistical study
Treatment of oral hairy leukoplakia with podophyllin
Acne vulgaris: double-blind trial comparing tetracycline and clindamycin
Studies on complement deposits in epidermolysis bullosa acquisita and bullous pemphigoid
Delayed cutaneous hypersensitivity and lymphocyte transformation: dissociation in atopic dermatitis
Familial erythromelalgia
Papules and plaques over the joint spaces. Knuckle pads (heloderma)
Haber's syndrome. Familial rosacea-like dermatosis with keratotic plaques and pitted scars
Facial burning and scarring in a child
Dysplastic nevus syndrome
Systemic contact dermatitis medicamentosa occurring after intravesical dimethyl sulfoxide treatment for interstitial cystitis
Psoriatic patient presenting with perioral herpetiform lesions
Senear-Usher syndrome (pemphigus erythematosus). Immunofluorescent studies in a patient
Efficacy, tolerability, and safety of calcipotriol ointment in disorders of keratinization. Results of a randomized, double-blind, vehicle-controlled, right/left comparative study
Acquired ichthyosis with systemic lupus erythematosus
Pseudomembranous colitis after topical application of clindamycin
Anticentromere antibody and immunoglobulin allotypes in scleroderma
Granuloma pyogenicum (pyogenic granuloma) causing severe anemia
Pachyonychia congenita tarda. A late-onset form of pachyonychia congenita
Paired comparison vasoconstrictor assays. A comparison of methods for the determination of relative vasoconstrictor potency of topically applied corticosteroids
Relationship between Bowen disease and internal malignant tumors
Sebaceous gland on sole of foot?
Granuloma annulare caused by injectable collagen
Photosensitivity reaction to dibucaine. Case report and experimental induction
Cutaneous lesions due to Mycobacterium kansasii
A striking, papular rash. Papular acrodermatitis of childhood
Familial cold urticaria
Blepharitis granulomatosa
Minocycline therapy for acne
A dermatological visit to Vietnam
Nonmelanoma skin cancer mortality. A population-based study
Cutaneous macroglobulinosis
Blue Papules in a Patient With Neurologic Symptoms—Diagnosis
Recurrent cutaneous necrotizing eosinophilic vasculitis. A novel eosinophil-mediated syndrome
Cancer risk associated with therapeutic irradiation of skin
Herpes zoster in children
Genomics in Health Care
The pits in the nevoid basal cell carcinoma syndrome
Calcinosis cutis following extravasation of calcium chloride
Single cutaneous plasmacytoma with crystalloid inclusions
Self-inflicted anonychia
Porphyria turcica. Twenty years after hexachlorobenzene intoxication
Restrictive dermopathy. Report of two affected siblings and a review of the literature
Anetoderma may reveal cutaneous plasmacytoma and benign cutaneous lymphoid hyperplasia
Multiple basal cell epitheliomas with sebaceous differentiation
Histologic features of paraneoplastic pemphigus
Historical note: Koebner on the isomorphic phenomenon
Prolonged remission of tumor-stage mycosis fungoides by topical immunotherpay
Staging laparotomy in cutaneous T-cell disease
Solar urticaria. The relationship of photoallergen and action spectrum
Antiandrogens and acne. A topical approach?
A comparison of a new oral antifungal, terbinafine, with griseofulvin as therapy for tinea corporis
Ultrastructure of cutaneous cellular infiltrates in scleroderma
Pathology quiz case 1: warty dyskeratoma
Hazard-rate analysis in state I malignant melanoma
Oral retinoids. Broad-spectrum dermatologic therapy for the 1980s
An unusual fungal infection in an immunocompromised oncology patient. Cutaneous alternariosis
Occlusion of potent topical steroids
Familial site-specific congenital melanocytic nevus: report of two families
Editorial: The national program for dermatology. A progress report
Transitions Between Frailty States Among Community-Living Older Persons
Treatment of keratoacanthoma with topical application of fluorouracil
Subungual tumors in incontinentia pigmenti
Acitretin in the symptomatic therapy for severe recessive x-linked ichthyosis
Meclofenamate for psoriasis
Letter: Sunscreens containing aminobenzoic acid esters
Hyperkeratosis of the nipples
Cafe au lait spot in neurofibromatosis and in normal individuals
Raynaud disease with oral manifestations
Squamous cell carcinomas in Fanconi's anemia
Superficial multicentric basal cell epithelioma arising in thermal burn scar
Long-term safety of cyclosporine in the treatment of psoriasis
The association of HLA and immune responses to bovine collagen implants
Call for Papers
Bacterial transference during electrodesiccation and electrocoagulation
Eczema herpeticum. Treatment with methylene blue and light
Role of delayed cellular hypersensitivity and adhesion molecules in amoxicillin-induced morbilliform rashes
Whole-body positron emission tomography: an accurate staging modality for metastatic melanoma
Patients With Truncal Basal Cell Carcinoma Represent a High-Risk Group
Extensive botryomycosis in a patient with diabetes and chronic active hepatitis
Membrane attack complex deposits in cutaneous lesions of dermatomyositis
Burn depth estimation using indocyanine green fluorescence
Inflammatory linear verrucose epidermal nevus. A pathologic study
Pseudomelanoma
Acne rosacea with fever
Larva currens. Cutaneous strongyloidiasis
Alpha-heavy-chain disease with erythematous skin lesions
The immunopathogenesis of cutaneous T-cell lymphoma. Abnormal cytokine production by Sezary T cells
Hypocomplementemia with cutaneous vasculitis and arthritis: a new syndrome
Ethics and micromanaged care
Alopecia mucinosa. Report of a case with diffuse alopecia and normal-appearing scalp skin
Pemphigus foliaceus. Subcorneal intercellular antibodies of unique specificity
Congenital erythropoietic porphyria. An autopsy report
Multiple hypopigmented papules. Trichodiscoma
Is actinic granuloma really granuloma annulare?
Resorcinol monobenzoate, steering wheels, Peruvian balsam
Neurofibromatosis presenting as the epidermal nevus syndrome
Allergic reaction to intralesional triamcinolone acetonide: a case report
Pre-Columbian rhinoscleroma
Clinical Trial Registration
Chronic mucocutaneous candidiasis. Successful treatment with intermittent oral doses of clotrimazole
Materials and methods
Linear unilateral basal cell nevus with comedo-like lesions
Angiolymphoid hyperplasia with eosinophilia
Latrogenic traumatic purpura masquerading as vasculitis
Changing clinical and laboratory concepts in inherited epidermolysis bullosa
Repigmentation of leukotrichia by epidermal grafting and systemic psoralen plus UV-A
Elective Surgery in Dialysis Patients: Realistic Risk Information From the American College of Surgeons National Surgical Quality Improvement Program Database
Letter: Treatment schedule for secondary syphilis
Tetracycline-resistant granuloma inguinale
Molluscum contagiosum
Cutaneous T-cell lymphomas. A review of the recent literature
Haber's syndrome or Dowling-Degos disease?
Correlation of the vasoconstrictor assay and clinical activity in psoriasis
PURPLE (Oops! Atrophie Blanche) Revisited
Regressing atypical histiocytosis: the controversy continues
Skin capillary changes in early systemic scleroderma. Electron microscopy and "in vitro" autoradiography with tritiated thymidine
Histologic and immunohistochemical study comparing xanthoma disseminatum and histiocytosis X
Poikiloderma?
Photochemotherapy for mycosis fungoides: a clinical and histological study
Letter: Skin reactions associated with propranolol
Activation of pulmonary tuberculosis following intralesional corticosteroids
Histogenesis of porokeratosis
T and B lymphocytes in contact and atopic dermatitis
Papular mucinosis and human immunodeficiency virus infection
Error in Tables in: Comparative Analysis of Diaphragmatic Hernia Repair Outcomes Using the Nationwide Inpatient Sample Database
Pericervical granuloma in a child due to constricting rubber bands
Giant pilar tumor of the scalp
The molecular basis of nonmelanoma skin cancer: new understanding
Scleredema and diabetes mellitus
Cutaneous extramedullary plasmacytomas
Congenital hypertrichosis lanuginosa
Diphenhydramine photoallergy
Proceedings: Bullous pemphigoid (rule out bullous lupus erythematosus and bullous drug eruption)
Hyperpigmentation, bullae, and keratotic papules in a renal dialysis patient. Pseudoporphyria cutanea tarda (PPCT), acquired perforating disorder of renal dialysis (APD)
Determination of IgG subclasses in patients with pemphigus with active disease and in remission
Welcome to Evidence-Based Medicine
Cutaneous manifestations of Wegener granulomatosis
The nasolabial flap as a single-stage procedure
Transepidermal elimination following the use of a topical adrenal steroid
Letter: Dermatomyositis
The Neuro-Immuno-Cutaneous-Endocrine Network: Relationship of Mind and Skin
Cutaneous comparative biology
Gardner-Diamond syndrome with multiple glomus tumors
Erythema nodosum in an epidemic of histoplasmosis in Indianapolis
Staphylococcus aureus infection as a complication of isotretinoin therapy
Pulsed carbon dioxide laser resurfacing of photo-aged facial skin
William B. Reed, MD. 1924-1976
If small plaque (digitate) parapsoriasis is a cutaneous T-cell lymphoma, even an 'abortive' one, it must be mycosis fungoides!
Clinicopathologic correlation in erythema multiforme and Stevens-Johnson syndrome
Invasive basal cell carcinoma after repeated diagnostic fluoroscopic examinations
Relationship of long-acting thyroid stimulator to pretibial myxedema
Improvement of psoriasis with cholestyramine
Streptococcal cellulitis proved by skin biopsy in a coronary artery bypass graft patient
Abnormal vascular reactions in atopic dermatitis
The case for state dermatological societies
Granuloma annulare and gold therapy
Generic Competition in a Flawed System: Pill Them, Bill Them—Reply
Diaminopyrimidines and severe cutaneous adverse reactions
Nevus sebaceous and syringocystadenoma papilliferum
Lymphangioma
Histogenesis of skin appendage tumors
Omissions in Acknowledgments in: Clonal T-Cell Receptor γ-Chain Gene Rearrangements in Differential Diagnosis of Lymphomatoid Papulosis From Skin Metastasis of Nodal Anaplastic Large-Cell Lymphoma
Lichen planus and malignancy. An epidemiologic study of 2071 patients and a review of the literature
Hendersonula toruloidea and Scytalidium hyalinum. Review and update
Disseminated Nocardia brasiliensis infection
Subclinical Hypothyroidism and Cardiovascular Disease—Reply
Bowenoid papulosis of the genitalia
Letter: HL-A antigens in acne conglobata: a negative study
Recurrent herpes simplex infection masquerading as dermatitis artefacta
Dermal mucinosis in discoid lupus erythematosus. Report of two cases
Lymphomatoid granulomatosis of the skin. A new clinocopathologic entity
A comparison of the efficacy of topical tretinoin and low-dose oral isotretinoin in rosacea
Cimetidine as therapy for treatment-resistant psoriasis in a patient with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Radiation therapy of giant aggressive keratoacanthomas
Incontinentia pigmenti in a 21-year-old man
CD34, stem cells, and the skin
Systemic pigmentation from tetracycline and minocycline therapy
Eruptive lipofibromata
Trichotillomania. A clinicopathologic study of 24 cases
Propranolol therapy
An unusual defect resembling pili bifurcati
Erythema nodosum associated with Shigella colitis
Pearly penile papules on the shaft
Familial reticuloendotheliosis with eosinophilia and follicular mucinosis
Discoid lupus erythematosus as part of a larger disease spectrum. Correlation of clinical features with laboratory findings in lupus erythematosus
Resistance to fluorouracil
A solitary tumor on the earlobe. Granular cell tumor
Telogen effluvium as a sign of Hodgkin disease
Resolution of cutaneous lesions of granuloma annulare by intralesional injection of human fibroblast interferon
Cutaneous cartilaginous tumor
Late irradiation damage to the skin caused by soft X-ray radiation therapy of cutaneous tumors
The physical urticarias. An update and review
A case of Woringer-Kolopp disease with Ki-1 (CD30) + cytotoxic/suppressor cells
Ehlers-Danlos syndrome. A variant characterized by the deficiency of pro alpha 2 chain of type I procollagen
Calciphylaxis in three patients with end-stage renal disease
Clinical Scores to Predict Streptococcal Pharyngitis: Believers and Nonbelievers
Pitted keratolysis and Dermatophilus congolensis
Unilateral wrinkles. Manifestation of unilateral elastic tissue defect
The Morality of Cosmetic Surgery for Aging
Immunologic susceptibility to chronic dermatophytosis
Enlarging scalp nodule. Proliferating trichilemmal cyst (PTC)
Solitary congenital nodule of the ear. Solitary congenital calcified nodule of the ear
Jessner's lymphocytic infiltrate in two girls
Periorbital granuloma annulare
Oedemerid beetle dermatitis
Letter: Neurological symptoms in scleroderma
Prevalence and significance of acanthosis nigricans in an adult obese population
Cutaneous T-cell lymphomas. Summary of the Mycosis Fungoides Cooperative Group-National Cancer Institute Workshop
Herpes zoster-varicella in cutaneous T-cell lymphomas
Occult syringomas of scalp associated with progressive hair loss
Preparation of an appropriate antigen extract for patch tests with garlic
Mind-Body Medicine
Intercellular deposits of complement in skin of patients with pemphigus
Hirsutism
Isotretinoin treatment of human immunodeficiency virus-associated eosinophilic folliculitis. Results of an open, pilot trial
Systemic lupus erythematosus associated with antiribosomal P protein antibody
Demonstration of interleukin 8 in serum samples of patients with localized scleroderma
Pseudofolliculitis vibrissa
Herpes genitalis and aseptic meningitis
In situ characterization of cellular infiltrates in lupus vulgaris indicates lesional T-cell activation
Letter: Arteriovenous malformation resembling Kaposi sarcoma
The use of immunohistologic analysis in differentiating cutaneous T-cell lymphoma from psoriasis and dermatitis
Miliaria and anhidrosis. 3. Multiple small patches and the effects of different periods of occlusion
Infestation by Tunga penetrans
Metastatic transitional cell carcinoma mimicking zoster sine herpete
Characterization of the humoral immune response to bovine collagen implants
The histopathology of closed and open comedones of Favre-Racouchot disease
Clinical and histological responses of congenital melanocytic nevi after single treatment with Q-switched lasers
Leukapheresis for the treatment of psoriasis
A comparison of the dose-response relationship for psoralen-UVA erythema and UVB erythema
PUVA bath photochemotherapy for localized scleroderma. Evaluation of 17 consecutive patients
Flurandrenolone (Cordran) tape and carbohydrate metabolizing enzymes. Use in the epidermis of people with psoriasis
Circulating antibodies in cicatricial pemphigoid
A factual, not arbitrary, basis for choice of resection margins in melanoma
Permanent anonychia after Stevens-Johnson Syndrome
Guttate leukoderma in Darier's disease
Letter: Reaction to gentamicin sulfate cream
Infantile digital fibroma-like tumor in an adult
Isozymes of NADP-linked isocitric dehydrogenase in psoriasis and human basal cell carcinoma
Dermatological Uses of High-Dose Intravenous Immunoglobulin
Porphyria cutanea tarda. Report of a case treated with phlebotomies and supplemental iron
Porokeratotic eccrine ostial and dermal duct nevus
Eosinophilic fasciitis associated with tryptophan ingestion. A manifestation of eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome
Pretibial myxedema associated with chronic thyroiditis
Multiple adenoid squamous cell carcinoma
Niacinamide and acanthosis nigricans
Different Modalities of Spa Therapy for Skin Diseases at the Dead Sea Area
Salary Differences by Gender—Reply
Phenytoin hypersensitivity reaction
Congenital hemihypertrophy with hypertrichosis
Congenital disseminate organoid tumors
A case of fungating skin tumors in a young man. North American blastomycosis
Recall of cutaneous toxicity from fluorouracil
Is cutaneous T-cell lymphoma curable?
Infraorbital fold in atopic dermatitis
Incidence and distribution of subepidermal autoimmune bullous skin diseases in three French regions. Bullous Diseases French Study Group
Orientation of small biopsies
Vegetables responsible for contact dermatitis of the hands
AIDS and the dermatologist. A perspective
Editorial: Photochemotherapy of psoriasis
Vitiligo, chronic thrombocytopenia, and autoimmune hemolytic anemia
Necrobiotic granulomas of the skin associated with Hodgkin's disease
Controlled trial of azathioprine and plasma exchange in addition to prednisolone in the treatment of bullous pemphigoid
Thymoma with systemic lupus erythematosus, red blood cell aplasia, and herpesvirus infection
Acne in premature ovarian failure. Reestablishment of cyclic flare-ups with medroxyprogesterone acetate therapy
Contact dermatitis from deodorants
Standard tray in contact dermatitis
Netherton's syndrome in a male
Malignant fibrous histiocytoma arising from chronic ulcer
Role of socks in shoe dermatitis
Lichen amyloidosus
Repeat Testing Among Medicare Beneficiaries
Nodular lymphoma of the scalp in systemic lupus erythematosus [proceedings]
Commentary: use of topical fluorouracil
Systemic antibiotic therapy of secondary infected dermatitis
Dermochondrocorneal dystrophy (Francois' syndrome). Report of a case
Urticaria and anaphylactoid reactions after topical application of mechlorethamine
Media with pH indicators for the isolation of dermatophytes
Multistate outbreak of sporotrichosis in seedling handlers, 1988
Low-dose cyclosporine A in the treatment of disabling morphea
Partial reversal of canities in a 22-year-old normal Chinese male
Ensuring quality of dermatologic care in the US health care system
Papular-Purpuric 'Gloves and Socks' Syndrome Associated With Human Herpesvirus 6 Infection
Adjuvant therapy of pemphigus
Patch test responses evaluated by cutaneous blood flow measurements
Drug eruption following ketoconazole therapy
Treatment of epidermal pigmented lesions with the frequency-doubled Q-switched Nd:YAG laser. A controlled, single-impact, dose-response, multicenter trial
Macrophage migration inhibition factor (MIF) in drug eruption
Allergic contact dermatitis from the perfume in mycolog cream
Regressed primary malignant melanoma with regional metastases
Implementing High-Value, Cost-Conscious Diabetes Mellitus Care Through the Use of Low-Cost Medications and Less-Intensive Glycemic Control Target
Contact dermatitis from stearyl alcohol and propylene glycol in fluocinonide cream
Febrile ulceronecrotic mucha Habermann's disease
Subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus and discoid lupus erythematosus. Comparative histopathologic findings
Human cutaneous anthrax--North Carolina, 1987
Congenital smooth muscle hamartoma. A report of six cases and a review of the literature
Oral cyclosporine in the treatment of inflammatory and noninflammatory dermatoses. A clinical and immunopathologic analysis
Extracutaneous epithelial involvement in inherited epidermolysis bullosa
Annulus migrans. Identical lesions in pustular psoriasis, Reiter's syndrome, and geographic tongue
A nodule on the side of the neck in a child. Branchial cleft cyst
Calcifying epithelioma of Malherbe. Association with myotonic muscular dystrophy
Neutrophil-generated active oxygens in linear IgA bullous dermatosis
Epidermal grafting. An original technique and its application in achromic and granulating areas
Viral hepatitis
Cigarette smoking and flap and full-thickness graft necrosis
Keratoacanthoma. A clinical study
Failure of dimethyl sulfoxide in the treatment of scleroderma
Mycetomas caused by Streptomyces pelletieri in Madras, India
Hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenocortical function. Association with topical application of betamethasone dipropionate
Atrichia with papular lesions
Body Mass Index in 1.2 Million Adolescents and Risk for End-Stage Renal Disease
Acanthosis nigricans-like hyperpigmentation secondary to triazinate therapy
Immunologic studies in patients with alopecia areata
Complication of lymphangiography
Mutations in the genes for epidermal keratins in epidermolysis bullosa and epidermolytic hyperkeratosis
Decreased T cell levels in patients with warts
Family violence, child abuse, and anogenital warts
Acne revisited
Keratotic papules of chronic renal failure: the process of transepithelial elimination
Bilateral pseudocysts of the auricles
Defective leukocytotaxia and recurrent staphylococcal infecion: deficiency of leukocytotaxia and abnormal granulocytes associated with increase serum IgE levels in an adult with recurrent staphylococcal infection
Elevated plasma histamine levels in systemic sclerosis (scleroderma)
Photodynamic Therapy for Basal Cell Carcinoma: Effect of Tumor Thickness and Duration of Photosensitizer Application on Response
Frequency of pregnancy in acne patients taking oral antibiotics and oral contraceptives
Syringoma of the vulva
'Dyschromia in confetti' as a side effect of topical immunotherapy with diphenylcyclopropenone
A rule concerning the segmental manifestation of autosomal dominant skin disorders. Review of clinical examples providing evidence for dichotomous types of severity
Membrane attack complex of complement in leukocytoclastic vasculitis of the skin. Presence and possible pathogenetic role
Depressed immune function in epidermodysplasia verruciformis
Hydroa vacciniforme
Topical minoxidil therapy for androgenetic alopecia. A 30-month study
Histoplasmosis due to Histoplasma capsulatum var duboisii in a Canadian immigrant
Erythematous plaque on the leg. Vilanova's disease (subacute nodular migratory panniculitis)
Letter: Fixed drug eruption from chlordiazepoxide
Essential IgG cryoglobulinemia with purpura and cold urticaria
Rapid weight reduction and psoriasis
Contact dermatitis caused by ECG electrode jelly
Incidence of acute renal transplant rejection in atopic individuals
Multiple myeloma first observed as multiple cutaneous plasmacytomas
Observations and proposed mechanism of N,N',N''-triethylenethiophosphoramide (thiotepa)-induced hyperpigmentation
Critics of US House Proposal to Ax AHRQ Say Idea Is Penny-wise and Pound-foolish
Leishmaniasis tropica
Benefits and Risks of Aspirin Use—Reply
Combined therapy for Sezary syndrome with extracorporeal photochemotherapy and low-dose interferon alfa therapy. Clinical, molecular, and immunologic observations
Ultraviolet-B treatment of psoriasis in patients with concomitant vitiligo
Human envenomation by a lycosid
Malignant transformation from actinic keratoses to squamous cell carcinomas
Eccrine syringofibroadenoma (Mascaro). An acrosyringeal hamartoma
Wrong tests, wrong conclusions
Chondroid syringoma
Localized cicatricial pemphigoid (Brunsting-Perry). A transplantation experiment
Erythema induratum of Bazin. Evidence of T-lymphocyte hyperresponsiveness to purified protein derivative of tuberculin: report of two cases and treatment
Plica neuropathica. Report of a case
Dermatologists in the soviet union
Junctional activity recurring over an incompletely removed balloon cell nevus
Langerhans cells in contact dermatitis of the guinea pig
Changes in plasma cholesterol and triglyceride levels after treatment with oral isotretinoin. A prospective study
Intertriginous xanthomata in type 2 hyperbetalipoproteinemia
Focal Hyperhidrosis
Surgical treatment of rhinophyma with the Shaw scalpel
Why patients allergic to ethylenediamine do not react to topical steroids containing ethylenediamine
Immune dysregulation in atopic eczema
Physical properties of aerosols produced by dermabrasion
A Path to Wholeness
A new era in antimycotic agents
An Atypical Presentation of a Common Disease
Congenital Horner's syndrome
Human papillomaviruses and impaired immunity vs epidermodysplasia verruciformis
Ampicillin sensitivity in infectious mononucleosis
Familial benign pemphigus
Papulovesicular light eruption. A defined subset of polymorphous light eruption
Nevoid basal cell carcinoma syndrome. Multiple basal cell carcinomas of the palms after radiation therapy
Lentigo maligna
Neuroimaging of Cognitive Dysfunction and Depression in Aging Retired National Football League Players
Topically administered fluorouracil in vitiligo
Elastosis perforans serpiginosa in a patient with renal disease
Psammomatous melanotic schwannoma. A new cutaneous marker for Carney's complex
Hereditary deficiency of C2 in association with linear scleroderma 'en coup de sabre'
Anetoderma. Anetoderma, the primary type
Is a simple generic index of dermatologic disease severity an attainable goal?
Aluminum chloride in the treatment of symptomatic athelete's foot
Congenital trichoid keratosis of the scalp
Structural and functional properties of the dermoepidermal junction in obligate heterozygotes for recessive forms of epidermolysis bullosa
Purpura caused by food and drug additives
Human wart virus
Photochemotherapy for psoriasis. A clinical cooperative study of PUVA-48 and PUVA-64
Accessory axillary breast tissue
Multiple agminate spindle and epithelioid cell nevi in an adult
DermLit. A year's experience with a computerized literature search service
Sentinel lymph node evaluation in melanoma
Erythromelalgia and pregnancy
Serum level of squamous cell carcinoma antigen as a new indicator of disease activity in patients with psoriasis
Phytodermatitis from hydrangeas
Current trends measles--United States, 1987
Dermatitis herpetiformis with discoid lupus erythematosus. Occurrence of sulfone-induced discoid lupus erythematosus
Is acute guttate psoriasis with renal disease a rarity?
Mycosis fungoides with underlying epidermoid cysts
Confluent and reticulated papillomatosis. Treatment with etretinate
Infectious mononucleosis manifesting as a palmar dermatitis
Psoriasis and vitamin D3. A review of our experience
Histiocytosis X. Flow cytometric DNA-content and immunohistochemical and ultrastructural analysis
Generalized follicular hamartoma. Complicated by multiple proliferating trichilemmal cysts and palmar pits
Kyrle's disease. Hyperkeratosis follicularis et parafollicularis in cutem penetrans
Sunburn protection by longwave ultraviolet radiation-induced pigmentation
Spirituality in Medical Practice
Improved pressure sore healing with hydrocolloid dressings
A randomized comparison of poly-hema and hydrocolloid dressings for treatment of pressure sores
The case for use of the carbon dioxide laser in the treatment of port-wine stains
Abnormal laboratory test results and their relationship to prognosis in discoid lupus erythematosus. A long-term follow-up study of 92 patients
Isolated familial benign chronic pemphigus
Congenital ichthyosiform dermatosis with linear keratotic flexural papules and sclerosing palmoplantar keratoderma
Role of human herpesvirus 8 in Kaposi sarcoma unclear
The immunopathogenesis of vitiligo
Lichen planus following hepatitis B vaccination
"Solitary cutaneous chromoblastomycosis of the elbow" simulating a neoplastic lesion
Unusual subepidermal bullous diseases with immunologic features of bullous pemphigoid
Dermatologic manifestations of giant-cell (temporal, cranial) arteritis
Graft-vs-host reaction
Cutaneous pseudolymphoma resulting from antigen injections
On teaching dermatology to nondermatologists
A controlled multiphase trial of ketotifen to minimize neurofibroma-associated pain and itching
Basement membrane of normal skin. A study using the fluorescent periodic acid-acriflavine method
Vesiculopustular eruption in a patient with ulcerative colitis. Pyoderma gangrenosum
Dermatology in Korea
Progressive systemic sclerosis with malignant atrophic papulosis
Isolation of adenovirus from a granuloma annulare-like lesion in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome-related complex
Cutaneous reactions to granulocyte-monocyte colony-stimulating factor
Letter: Gold treatment of pemphigus
Familial subconjunctival epithelial cysts associated with the nevoid basal cell carcinoma syndrome
Mycosis fungoides with blast cell transformation
Letter: What is meant by "bimonthly"?
Leiomyosarcoma of the small intestine metastatic to the umbilicus
Letter: Treatment of acne vulgaris and rosacea
Zinc levels in psoriasis
Hemorrhagic bullous amyloidosis. A histologic, immunocytochemical, and ultrastructural study of two patients
Methotrexate. Mechanism of action on DNA synthesis in psoriasis
Automated Outreach to Increase Primary Adherence to Cholesterol-Lowering Medications
Mendelism in early 20th-century American dermatology
Perioral telangiectases: a new cutaneous finding in Fabry's disease
Systemic scleroderma. Multicenter trial of 1 year of treatment with recombinant interferon gamma
Hutchinson's Archives of Surgery revisited
Stimulation of monocyte-mediated, antibody-dependent cytotoxicity in mycosis fungoides
Basal cell carcinoma of the skin responding completely to chemotherapy
Letter: Epidermal inclusion cysts
Scalp colonization by Trichophyton tonsurans in an urban pediatric clinic. ?Asymptomatic carrier state
Atypical melanosomal proteins in human malignant melanoma
Premalignant lymphoid hyperplasia preceding and coexisting with malignant lymphoma in the skin
Erythematous papules in a patient with rheumatoid arthritis. Rheumatoid neutrophilic dermatitis (RND)
Cactus bristle implantation. Report of an unusual case initially seen with rows of yellow hairs
The isolation of Phoma eupyrena from a human lesion
Estrogen receptors in malignant melanoma
Telangiectasia, aphthous stomatitis, and hypersplenism
Bullous pemphigoid. Occurrence in psoriasis treated with psoralens plus long-wave ultraviolet radiation
Kindler's syndrome
Childhood bullous pemphigoid. Clinical and immunologic features, treatment, and prognosis
Practice Gap in Patient Education
The mechanism of morphine-induced urticaria
Papilloma development in cyclosporine-treated patients
A mother and two children with nonbullous congenital ichthyosiform erythroderma
Keratosis pilaris and scarring alopecia. Keratosis follicularis spinulosa decalvans
Percutaneous penetration following use of hair dyes
Cancer control in xeroderma pigmentosum
The dilemma of the uninsured and underinsured
Epidermolysis bullosa acquisita with electron microscopical studies
The Blinding of the Lawgiver Zaleukos on a 16th-Century German Medal
The use of Food and Drug Administration--approved medications for unlabeled (off-label) uses. The legal and ethical implications
Familial congenital multiple seborrheic verrucae
Proceedings: Pityriasis rubra pilaris
Nail involvement in histiocytosis-X
Influence of wind on ultraviolet injury
Familial lichen planus
Maternal pemphigus foliaceus with cell surface antibody bound in neonatal epidermis
Angioendothelioma: report of an unusual case in an American black
A double-blind comparison of adhesive bandages with the use of uniform suction blister wounds
Cutaneous malignant mixed tumor
Application of glacial acetic acid to penile skin
The coexistence of psoriasis and lupus erythematosus. An analysis of 27 cases
Secondary eruptive xanthoma. Type V hyperlipoproteinemia
Picture of the Month—Quiz Case
Neonatal Malassezia furfur pustulosis
Hereditary phlebectasis of the lips. An autosomal dominant disorder
Tar gel-phototherapy for psoriasis. Combined therapy with suberythemogenic doses of fluorescent sunlamp ultraviolet radiation
Research on atopic dermatitis. Diamonds and rust
Letter: Dermatitis medicamentosa: a pitfall for the unwary
Hormone-Induced Acneiform Eruption in Human Immunodeficiency Virus Disease
Abnormal nevoblast migration mimicking neurofibromatosis
Terbinafine for the treatment of pedal onychomycosis. A foot closer to the promised land of cured nails?
Finger pad deposits. Gout
How common is pigmentary mosaicism?
Tissue adhesives in cutaneous surgery
Primary mucinous (adenocystic) carcinoma of the skin
A simple and accurate diagnostic method in chromoblastomycosis
Centennial Paper. Alopecia mucinosa. Inflammatory plaques with alopecia characterized by root-sheath mucinosis. By Hermann Pinkus, M.D., Arch Dermatol 1957
Cutaneous sarcoid granuloma formation in herpes zoster scars
Erythema multiforme caused by oral furosemide
Malignant blue nevus. A light and electron microscopic study
Basal cell carcinoma of skin metastatic to bone
Atypical fibroxanthoma of the skin. Report of a case with Langerhans-like granules
Prolonged oral treatment of chronic mucocutaneous candidiasis with Amphotericin B
Crossover study of thalidomide vs placebo in Jessner's lymphocytic infiltration of the skin
Topical cyclosporine and contact dermatitis in guinea pig and man
Patchy alopecia in a young girl. Tinea capitis (most likely a Trichophyton tonsurans infection)
Itraconazole therapy for human immunodeficiency virus-associated eosinophilic folliculitis
Cardiac calcifications and yellow papules in a young man. Pseudoxanthoma elasticum (PXE)
Allergic reaction to feminine hygiene sprays
Blood-Based Biomarkers in Alzheimer Disease: Where Are We Now and Where Have We to Go?
Melanoma in Africans
Ulcerated papules, plaques, and nodules of the scalp and face. Cutaneous Hodgkin's disease
An Assessment of the Feasibility and Acceptability of a Friendship-Based Social Network Recruitment Strategy to Screen At-Risk African American and Hispanic/Latina Young Women for HIV Infection
Topical erythromycin vs blank vehicle in a multiclinic acne study
Serum parathyroid hormone level is elevated in some patients with disorders of keratinization
Nevus anemicus: a unique catecholamine-dependent nevus
Follow-up study of a cutaneous adult T-cell leukemia/lymphoma patient by southern blot analysis
Anaphylactic shock elicited by topical administration of bacitracin
Leukocyte migration inhibition assay (LIF) in nickel contact dermatitis
Occupational skin diseases, United States. Results from the Bureau of Labor Statistics Annual Survey of Occupational Injuries and Illnesses, 1973 through 1984
From bedside to the bench and back. Nitric oxide and the cutis
Ionizing radiation therapy in dermatology. Current use in the United States and Canada
A reinvestigation of solar lentigines
Severe hypersensitivity to mosquito bites associated with natural killer cell lymphocytosis
Keratosis pilaris atrophicans. One heterogeneous disease or a symptom in different clinical entities?
The Burden of Hospitalization for Atrial Fibrillation
Testosterone and anabolic steroids and acne fulminans
Novel histiocytoses considered in the context of histiocyte subset differentiation
Cell populations in experimental contact dermatitis
Treatment of discoid skin lesions with azathioprine
Risk of Major Nonemergent Inpatient General Surgical Procedures in Patients on Long-term Dialysis
Quantification of chemotactic peptides (C5a anaphylatoxin and IL-8) in psoriatic lesional skin
Different papillomaviruses as the causes of oral warts
Progressive Soft-Tissue Necrosis
Primary cutaneous B-cell lymphomas
Naproxen-induced pseudoporphyria. A clinical and ultrastructural study
Increased scalp skin and serum 5 alpha-reductase reduced androgens in a man relevant to the acquired progressive kinky hair disorder and developing androgenetic alopecia
Letter: Bullae due to pressure
Pigmentatio reticularis faciei et colli with multiple epithelial cysts
Basal cell layer antibodies in patients with burns
Effects of dietary supplementation of fish oil on neutrophil and epidermal fatty acids. Modulation of clinical course of psoriatic subjects
Lamellar ichthyosis of the newborn. A distinct clinical entity: its comparison to the other ichthyosiform erythrodermas
Curative treatment for pemphigus
Dermatologic manifestations associated with an anorectal malformation
Kernohan-Woltman Notch Phenomenon in Acute Subdural Hematoma
Bullous eruption of diabetes mellitus. A case with positive immunofluorescence microscopy findings
Prevalence of vitiligo. Epidemiological survey on the Isle of Bornholm, Denmark
Alopecia areata treated with topical minoxidil
Abnormal DNA ploidy in cells of the epidermis in a case of porokeratosis
Zinc sulfate and axillary perspiration odor
Ulcerative systematized porokeratosis (Mibelli)
Biochemical acantholysis provoked by thiol drugs
Generalized pustular psoriasis. Observations on the course of the disease in a familial occurrence
Phosphorus 31 magnetic resonance spectroscopy for quantitative evaluation of therapeutic regimens in dermatomyositis
NIH Signals Intent to Boost Funding of Emergency Care Research and Training
Stevens-Johnson syndrome associated with Mycoplasma pneumoniae infections
The clinical significance of periodic acid-Schiff-positive deposits in cuticle-proximal nail fold biopsy specimens
Costs
Multiple facial, neck, and upper trunk papules in a black child. Childhood granulomatous perioral dermatitis with involvement of the neck and upper trunk
Optimizing Fluence and Debridement Effects on Cutaneous Resurfacing Carbon Dioxide Laser Surgery
Did they see mites?
Onychodystrophies secondary to liquid nitrogen cryotherapy
Pruritic urticarial papules and plaques of pregnancy: relationship to maternal weight gain and twin or triplet pregnancies
Erythema nodosum following gold sodium thiomalate therapy
A solitary nodule on the chest. Fibroepithelioma of Pinkus
Accentuation of ichthyosis vulgaris in denervated skin
Photoallergy. A review
Pyoderma Gangrenosum and rheumatoid arthritis
Familial cold urticaria. Clinical findings
Intractable atopic eczema suggests major affective disorder: poor parenting is secondary
Bullous pemphigoid. Is it an immunologic disease?
The melanoma epidemic. Is increased surveillance the solution or the problem?
Unsolicited mailings to dermatologists
Equestrian cold panniculitis in women
Intraepidermal neutrophilic IgA dermatosis in a patient with advanced human immunodeficiency virus infection
Human immunodeficiency virus and the Gianotti-Crosti syndrome
Asymptomatic linear bands across the back. Linear focal elastosis
Slowly enlarging nodule on the leg. Granular cell tumor
Pityriasis lichenoides et varioliformis acuta (Mucha-Habermann)
Hydrofluoric acid burns. A report of a case and review of the literature
Topical application of mafenide acetate. Its association with erythema multiforme and cutaneous reactions
Pigmented purpuric dermatosis-like reaction to topical fluorouracil
Basal cell carcinoma mimicking rhinophyma. Case report and literature review
Skin pigmentation as a predictor of minimal phototoxic dose after oral methoxsalen
Osteoporosis is a toxic effect of long-term etretinate therapy
Ad Hoc Committee report: systemic antibiotics for treatment of acne vulgaris: efficacy and safety
Onycholysis in doxorubicin-treated patients
A specific defect in glycosylation of epidermal cell membranes. Definition in skin from patients with epidermolysis bullosa simplex
Skin cancer screening focusing on melanoma yields more selective attendance
Skin reflectance-guided laser selections for treatment of decorative tattoos
The attraction of MD-PhDs to dermatology
Skin eruption from celontin and dilantin
Psoriasis practices
Porphyria, pseudoporphyria, pseudopseudoporphyria...?
Plaque-type blue nevus
Calcinosis cutis circumscripta. Treatment with an intralesional corticosteroid
Trichofolliculoma showing perineural invasion. Trichofolliculocarcinoma?
Lichen amyloidosus. Electron microscopic study of a typical case and a review
Familial scleroderma in a kindred with high incidence of autoimmune disease: correlation with HLA-A1/B8 haplotype
Behavior of melanocytes in reticulate acropigmentation of Kitamura
Recurrent aphthous stomatitis. An immunofluorescence study
Fibrinolytic activity in lesions of hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia
Recurrent skin cancer
Effect of subdepressor clonidine on flushing reactions in rosacea. Change in malar thermal circulation index during provoked flushing reactions
Improved acanthosis nigricans with lipodystrophic diabetes during dietary fish oil supplementation
Oral lesion of rubella
Efficiency of opaque photoprotective agents in the visible light range
Letter: Pityriasis lichenoides and toxoplasmosis
Lymphocutaneous nocardiosis caused by Nocardia asteroides. Case report and literature review
Androgenetic alopecia in the female. Treatment with 2% topical minoxidil solution
Raphe cyst or apocrine cystadenoma of the glans penis
Dermatology in France
Regressing atypical histiocytosis. Aberrant prothymocyte differentiation, T-cell receptor gene rearrangements, and nodal involvement
Comment on topical lomustine therapy for psoriasis
Sebaceous gland inhibition from combined glucocorticoid-estrogen treatment
Saphenous vein graft donor site dermatitis. Case reports and literature review
Microsporum infections of the nails
Dermatitis at vein graft site
Contact dermatitis due to nitroglycerin ointment
Pustulosis palmaris et plantaris (pustular psoriasis?)
Port-wine stains
Dermatologic formularies in the managed care setting
Flurandrenolone occlusive tape
Contact urticaria to parabens
Ultrastructure of Collagen Thermally Denatured by Microsecond Domain Pulsed Carbon Dioxide Laser
Vasculitis in cytomegalovirus infection
Response of psoriatic nails to oral photochemotherapy
Addition of rifampin to conventional therapy for recurrent furunculosis
Paraneoplastic pemphigus is a distinct neoplasia-induced autoimmune disease
Cutaneous toxicity of bleomycin therapy
Cystic acne vulgaris with pilonidal cyst
Sister chromatid exchanges in Bloom's syndrome
Clinical and histological study of coal tar phototoxicity in humans
Blinded Evaluation of Interrater Reliability of an Operative Competency Assessment Tool for Direct Laryngoscopy and Rigid Bronchoscopy
Secondary cutaneous mucinosis with systemic lupus erythematosus. A case presentation and review of the literature
A prospective study of the effect of isotretinoin on the follicular reservoir and sustainable sebum excretion rate in patients with acne
Toxoplasmosis. A complication of corticosteroid-and cyclophosphamide-treated lupus erythematosus
Silicone and rheumatic disease: replace implants or not?
In vivo ultraviolet irradiation of human skin results in profound perturbation of the immune system. Relevance to ultraviolet-induced skin cancer
A New Spectrum of Skin Toxic Effects Associated With the Multikinase Inhibitor Vandetanib
Erythematous, vesicular lesions in a newborn. Incontinentia pigmenti
Bowen's disease of the nail bed and periungual area. A clinicopathologic analysis of seven cases
Identification of plasmacytoid T cells in lymphoid hyperplasia of the skin
Hairy elbows
Malignant cutaneous mixed tumor
Cross-reference of same patients in different studies
Porokeratosis. Two morphologic forms within a family
Infection of toe webs by gram-negative bacteria
Health System Factors and Antihypertensive Adherence in a Racially and Ethnically Diverse Cohort of New Users
Allograft skin as an adjunct in the repair of radiation-compromised wound
Unilateral pruritus after a stroke
Acne mechanica
Hyperkeratosis of the nipple
Congenital poikiloderma with features of hereditary acrokeratotic poikiloderma
Anthralin and chrysarobin: a reexamination of the origins and early use
The use of high-frequency ultrasound as a method of assessing the severity of a plaque of psoriasis
Intraocular Graft Unfolding Techniques in Descemet Membrane Endothelial Keratoplasty
Ota nevus, multiple hemangiomas, and Takayasu arteritis
Chromoblastomycosis produced by Aureobasidium pullulans in an immunosuppressed patient
Acne fulminans with osteolytic lesions
Bacteriology of Inflamed and Uninflamed Epidermal Inclusion Cysts
Corymbiform lichen sclerosus et atrophicus
Absence of human papillomavirus in squamous cell carcinomas of nongenital skin from immunocompromised renal transplant patients: a comment
Cutaneous sinus tracts of dental origin
Tumors on a leg. Mycosis fungoides (MF)
Epidermal apoptotic cell death in erythema multiforme and Stevens-Johnson syndrome. Contribution of perforin-positive cell infiltration
Cocoa Intake, Blood Pressure, and Cardiovascular Mortality: The Zutphen Elderly Study
Favus again mistaken for leprosy in the Renaissance
The skin changes in the Crow-Fukase (POEMS) syndrome. A case report
Indirect cutaneous immunofluorescence. I. Morphologic observations in bullous diseases, malignancies, and connective tissue diseases
Rosacea is not associated with skin cancer
Recent National Trends in the Use of Adolescent Inpatient Bariatric Surgery
Subepidermal calcified nodules
Multiple myeloma with cutaneous involvement
Mycosis fungoides associated with dystrophic xanthomatosis
Griseofulvin in the prevention of experimental human dermatophytosis
Acute, generalized panniculitis with amylase and lipase in skin
Treatment of erythropoietic protoporphyria with N-acetylcysteine
Cystic fibrosis manifesting with acrodermatitis enteropathica-like eruption. Association with essential fatty acid and zinc deficiencies
Multiple keloids
Progranulin Mutations as Risk Factors for Alzheimer Disease
Tattoo removal using the alexandrite laser
Angiokeratoma corporis diffusum with -L-fucosidase deficiency
Milker's nodules. Pathogenesis, tissue culture, electron microscopy, and calf inoculation
In Guidelines We Cannot Trust
A pigmented paraspinal plaque in an infant. Congenital smooth muscle hamartoma
Wrong Words and Incorrect First Name Published
Focal epithelial hyperplasia in a Mexican Indian
Dermatologic radiotherapy and thyroid cancer
Alopecia areata in an area of hair transplantation
Cutaneous lesions in hairy-cell leukemia. Case report and review of the literature
Efficacy and Prognostic Value of Simple Wound Measurements
Induction of antigen specific hyposensitization to poison oak in sensitized adults
The importance of being visually literate. Observations on the art and science of making a morphological diagnosis in dermatology
Treatment of habit-tic deformity with fluoxetine
Computed Tomographic Screening for Lung Cancer
Methotrexate pharmacokinetics in psoriatic patients developing hepatic fibrosis
More on vitiligo and malignant melanoma
Impaired antigen presentation in toxic epidermal necrolysis
Gongylonema
Ethical Challenges of Preexposure Prophylaxis for HIV
Office diagnosis of changes in hair cuticular cell patterns
Methotrexate for psoriasis. A new therapeutic schedule
Antiacne preparation
"Rudimentary polydactyly": an amputation neuroma
The measure of youth
Subcutaneous fat necrosis of the newborn. A case report
Muciparous metaplasia and primary mucoepidermoid skin tumors
Macular anetoderma in an appendectomy site
Immunologic responses in patients with lepromatous leprosy
Discoid lupus erythematosus possibly due to photochemotherapy
Time-saving patch test antigen dispenser
Hypercalcemia in association with cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma. Occurrence as a late complication of hidradenitis suppurativa
Congenital bullous urticaria pigmentosa. Treatment with concomitant use of H1- and H2-receptor antagonists
Cutaneous nerves in cafe au lait spots with white halos in infants with neurofibromatosis. An electron microscopic study
Verrucous malignant melanoma
Apocrine cystadenoma of the penile shaft
Recent developments in ophthalmology. Advances in correction of the optical problems of the postoperative cataract patient
New health practitioners and dermatology manpower planning
Treatment of cutaneous sarcoidosis with isotretinoin
Dapsone as initial treatment in superficial pemphigus. Report of nine cases
Autosomal recessive pachyonychia congenita
Pemphigus and myasthenia gravis
Clinical classification of cases of toxic epidermal necrolysis, Stevens-Johnson syndrome, and erythema multiforme
Contact urticaria from leather containing formaldehyde
The combined use of immediate intraoperative tissue expansion and meshing technique
Evidence-Based Management of Stroke, 1st ed
Association of progressive systemic scleroderma to several HLA-B and HLA-DR alleles
Health care system reform and the American Academy of Dermatology
Cholinergic urticaria
Kaposi's sarcoma and lymphoblastoma
Allergic contact dermatitis and stomatitis caused by a cinnamic aldehyde-flavored toothpaste
Multiple hamartoma syndrome (Cowden's disease)
Topical minoxidil dose-response effect in alopecia areata
Corticosteroid-induced cutaneous atrophy and telangiectasia. Experimental production associated with weight loss in rats
Topical 8% glycolic acid and 8% L-lactic acid creams for the treatment of photodamaged skin. A double-blind vehicle-controlled clinical trial
Psoriasis and systematized epidermal nevus
Cicatricial pemphigoid. Immunofluorescence investigations
American dermatology training programs and the foreign medical graduate from less-advantaged geographical areas
Comparison of computer-aided design and rule of nines methods in the evaluation of the extent of body involvement in cutaneous lesions
Chronic cutaneous lupus erythematosus treated with thalidomide
Soft-tissue calcification in systemic lupus erythematosus
Acute cutaneous reactions to docetaxel, a new chemotherapeutic agent
Membrane attack complex of complement in dermatitis herpetiformis
Localized Darier's disease of the scalp complicated by Trichophyton tonsurans infection
Telangiectasia overlying malignant tumor
Editorial: Acknowledgment of research support
Clinical heterogeneity in epidermolytic hyperkeratosis
The Skinny on Obesity and End-Stage Renal Disease
Regulation of copper metabolism in the mottled mouse
Effect of tacrolimus (FK506) in dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa: rationale and preliminary results
Duplicate publications (?)
The morphologic spectrum of cutaneous B-cell lymphomas
Photodynamic therapy of nonmelanoma skin cancer with topical aminolevulinic acid: a clinical and histologic study
Poikiloderma atrophicans vasculare associated with muscular dystrophy
The physician and the medical literature. From Index Medicus to MEDLARS to GRATEFUL MED and beyond
Leukemia cutis masquerading as guttate psoriasis
Pathologic findings in human scabies
From the MMWR. Rocky Mountain spotted fever--United States, 1987
Letter: Two unusual complications of topical fluorouracil therapy
Infundibulomatosis
Pruritic zosteriform eruption. Zosteriform lichen planus
Cutaneous lymphangiomas with dyschondroplasia (Maffucci's syndrome). A unique variant of an unusual syndrome
Hypertriglyceridemia and Acute Pancreatitis
Pterygium inversum unguis
Treatment of advanced mycosis fungoides and Sezary syndrome with continuous infusions of methotrexate followed by fluorouracil and leucovorin rescue
Cyclosporine in the treatment of lupus erythematosus
Aggressive squamous cell carcinomas in patients treated with extracorporeal photopheresis for cutaneous T-cell lymphoma
Disseminate elastosis perforans serpiginosa
Pseudomonal balanitis
Annual award to acknowledge original studies by dermatology trainees
Bullous pemphigoid and associated malignant neoplasms
Linear porokeratosis of Mibelli
Pityriasis rosea-like rash from captopril
The mismatched match
Bullous pyoderma gangrenosum and leukemia
Transepithelial elimination in papular mucinosis
Traditional treatment of Buruli ulcer in Benin
Pathology quiz case 1: eruptive xanthoma (associated with type 5 hyperlipoproteinemia)
Granuloma annulare (nodular type on fingers)
Cutaneous lesions in gamma heavy-chain disease
Current views on skin metabolism: the need for a broader outlook
Keratitis, ichthyosis, and deafness syndrome with glycogen storage
Pearly penile papules. Acral angiofibromas
Irritant and allergic responses as influenced by triamcinolone in patch test materials
Nonsurgical Repigmentation Therapies in Vitiligo
Double-blind randomized placebo-controlled trial of local cyclosporine in atopic dermatitis
Dermatologists for the nation: perspectives
Recent clinical advances in knowledge of the nonleprous environmental mycobacteria responsible for cutaneous disease
Linear ichthyosis associated with skeletal abnormalities
Subungual keratoacanthoma. Report of a case and review of the literature
Aortic Stiffness, Blood Pressure Progression, and Incident Hypertension
Pre-Columbian leishmaniasis
Psoriasiform sarcoidosis
Nodular cutaneous amyloidosis involving the vulva. Case report and literature review
Dermographism and erythematous lines in glutethimide overdose
The Plummer-Vinson syndrome. A cutaneous manifestation of internal disease
Dysplastic nevi as risk markers of sporadic (nonfamilial) melanoma. A case-control study
Serious adverse reactions induced by minocycline. Report of 13 patients and review of the literature
Ecological effects of oral antibiotics on the microflora of human skin
Cutaneous manifestations of Noonan's syndrome
Treatment of oral florid papillomatosis with bleomycin. Use of Holter catheter for intra-arterial administration
Benign mucous membrane pemphigoid: demonstration of circulating and tissue-bound membrane antibodies
Tender linear lesions of the fingers. Acrokeratoelastoidosis (acquired type) or degenerative collagenous plaques of the hands
Mycosis fungoides [proceedings]
Mycosis fungoides cooperative study
Pterygium inversum unguis. Report of 19 cases and review of the literature
Candida krusei abdominal wall abscess presenting as ecchymosis. Diagnosis with ultrasound
Incontinentia pigmenti achromians. Multiple cases within a family
Cobalt radiation-induced comedones
Clear cell glycogenosis in multiple syringomas. Description and enzyme histochemistry
Centennial paper. May 1912 (J Cutan Dis Syph 1912;30:241-255). Precancerous dermatoses: a study of two cases of chronic atypical epithelial proliferation. By John T. Bowen, M.D., Boston
Autoimmune progesterone dermatitis
The molecular genetics of albinism and piebaldism
High sun protection factor sunscreens in the suppression of actinic neoplasia
Composition of pyritinol
The role of tar in Goeckerman therapy
A morphometric and histologic study of the scalp in psoriasis. Paradoxical sebaceous gland atrophy and decreased hair shaft diameters without alopecia
Antibiotics and oral contraceptives
Photosensitivity reaction to vinblastine
Generalized pinhead-sized papules in a child. Generalized lichen nitidus
Cancer development in oral lichen planus. A follow-up study of 327 patients
Aminobenzoic acid (PABA) in polyethylene glycol-8
Facial granuloma associated with Trichosporon cutaneum infection
Clarification of lichen planus actinicus
Persistent photosensitivity following occupational exposure to epoxy resin
Pruritic maculopapular skin lesions in sarcoidosis. An unusual clinical presentation
An unusual case of T-lymphocytic leukemia with coexpression of helper and suppressor surface markers
Xanthelasmoidea. An unusual case of urticaria pigmentosa
Bullous mastocytosis
Eruptive vellus hair cysts
Psoriasis-liver-methotrexate interactions
Variability of the lupus band test. Results in 18 patients with systemic lupus erythematosus
Lichen planus with plasma cell infiltrate
Sezary-like syndrome in a 10-year-old girl with serologic evidence of human T-cell lymphotropic virus type I infection
Elephantiasis nostras streptogenes
Solitary congenital indeterminate cell histiocytoma
Immunodermatopathology
Detection of Mycobacterium tuberculosis DNA in lobular granulomatous panniculitis (erythema induratum-nodular vasculitis)
Why Sadie licks her wounds
Further electron microscopic observations of herpes zoster virus
Desmoplastic malignant melanoma
Analysis of epidermal fibrous proteins in inflammatory linear verrucous epidermal nevus
Pyostomatitis vegetans. A reactive mucosal marker for inflammatory disease of the gut
Porphyria cutanea tarda and systemic lupus erythematosus
Malignant potential of actinic keratoses and the controversy over treatment. A patient-oriented perspective
Letter: Porphyria cutanea tarda associated with lymphosarcoma
Iatrogenic contamination of multidose vials in simulated use. A reassessment of current patient injection technique
Oral calcitriol as a new therapeutic modality for generalized morphea
Simplified laboratory technique for diagnosis of chancroid
Antineoplastic chemotherapy, sweat, and the skin
In vitro and in vivo antistaphylococcal activity of human stratum corneum lipids
Letter: Kelp diet: A cause of acneiform eruption
Papules with basement membrane zone antibodies preceding bullous pemphigoid
Electrical stimulation and wound healing
Periumbilical perforating pseudoxanthoma elasticum
Localized mycosis fungoides not manifesting as Woringer-Kolopp disease
Plasma Anti–Amyloid-β Autoantibodies in All Alzheimer Disease Types
Familial primary cutaneous amyloidosis. Clinical, genetic, and immunofluorescent studies
Prevalence of Skin Disease in Rural Tanzania and Factors Influencing the Choice of Health Care, Modern or Traditional
Acute psychotic reaction to aqueous procaine penicillin G
Erythrokeratodermia variabilis. A family study
Demonstration of Sarcoptes scabiei
Posterior Segment Worm Infestation
Lichen striatus with nail dystrophy
A case of bullous pemphigoid and transitional cell carcinoma of the bladder. Demonstration of a circulating factor reactive with basement membrane zone of skin and of bladder carcinoma
Rose spots in typhoid fever
The diagnostic yield of histologic examination of seborrheic keratoses
Pityrosporum infection in an infant with lesions resembling erythema annulare centrifugum
Free Anterolateral Thigh Fascia Lata Flap for Complex Nasal Lining Defects
Lichen sclerosus et atrophicus, morphea, and coexistence of both diseases. Histological studies using lectins
Ashy dermatosis. An apoptotic disease?
Sebaceous carcinoma arising from Bowen's disease of the vulva
Bittner's syndrome
Pre-Sezary erythroderma evolving to Sezary syndrome. A report of seven cases
Purpura factitia. An analysis of criteria for its differentiation from auto-erythrocyte sensitization purpura
Subungual osteochondroma. Differential diagnosis and treatment
Effects of topical mechlorethamine on skin lesions of psoriasis
Model dermatophytosis in naturally infected subjects
Effects of occlusive tape systems on the mitotic activity of epidermis. With and without corticosteroids
Herpetic whitlow in an infant without defined risks
Questions About Study of Cultured Skin Equivalent for Venous Ulcers
Pemphigus vegetans of Hallopeau: immunofluorescent studies
Erythema annulare centrifugum and Graves' disease
Opioid Dose and Risk of Road Trauma in Canada
Persistent asymptomatic nodules on the legs. Nodular pretibial myxedema
Nontypical syphilitic chancres
The laboratory diagnosis of Lyme disease
Epidermolysis bullosa acquisita. Report of three cases and review of all published cases
Collodion baby. Report of a case
Recalcitrant onychomycosis of the toenails successfully treated with fluconazole
Differences in detector readings
Herpes zoster. Case report of possible accidental inoculation
An unusual case of syringoma
Churg-Strauss Syndrome
Letter: Hematuria following thiabendazole
Etretin therapy for severe psoriasis. Evaluation of initial clinical responses
Depigmentation caused by phenolic detergent germicides
Immunologic characteristics of keratins in extramammary Paget's disease
Treatment of tinea nigra palmaris with miconazole
Acanthosis nigricans and insulin resistance associated with hypothyroidism
Dapsone-induced peripheral neuropathy
Vitiligo associated with regional enteritis
Incontinentia pigmenti. A four-generation study
Mechanism of chemotherapeutic drug action in mouse vaginal epithelium
Localized hemosiderosis as a sequela of acne
Recovery of prostaglandins in human primary irritant dermatitis
Complications of cutaneous laser surgery. A survey
Congenital common blue nevus
The treatment of Hallopeau's acrodermatitis
Pilotropic cutaneous T-cell lymphoma without mucinosis. A variant of mycosis fungoides? French Study Group of Cutaneous Lymphomas
Kawasaki disease and staphylococcal exotoxins
Mechanisms of cutaneous inflammation. Interactions between epidermal cytokines, adhesion molecules, and leukocytes
Subgaleal lipomas
Transepithelial elimination in chromomycosis
Staining of amyloid with cotton dyes
Leukocidin from Staphylococcus aureus and cutaneous infections: an epidemiologic study
Bullous Darier's disease
How to Use an Article Reporting a Multiple Treatment Comparison Meta-analysis
Severe phototoxic burn following celery ingestion
Malpractice and the dermatologist
Letter: Transillumination as diagnostic aid
Poliomyelitis vaccine in the treatment of Behcet's syndrome
Congenital, segmental pigmented lesions. Segmental neurofibromatosis (SN)
Lichen planus and discoid lupud erythematosus. Overlap syndrome associated with cryoglobulinemia and hypocomplementemia
Familial focal facial dermal dysplasia
Multiple sebaceous adenomas and gastrointestinal carcinoma
Carcinoma arising in Bowen's disease
Combined adnexal tumor of the skin
Massive cutaneous hyalinosis. A newly recognized disease
Blue Papules in a Patient With Neurologic Symptoms—Quiz Case
Acute febrile neutrophilic dermatosis (Sweet syndrome)
The Utility of a Portable Video Player in Wart Removal
Shiny amber papules on the face and hands. Colloid milium
The genetics of follicular atrophoderma
Systemic lupus erythematosus with cutaneous vasculitis
Immunofluorescence microscopy studies of the granular and keratin layers of normal human skin
Dopamine-induced localized cutaneous vasoconstriction and piloerection
Pilonidal cyst of the scalp
Blue-red macules and pseudoatrophic macules: additional cutaneous signs in neurofibromatosis
The protean manifestations of human papillomavirus infection. New facies of an old foe: a clinical perspective
Plastic wrap revisited. The stratum corneum two-compartment model and its clinical implications
Zidovudine-related thrombocytopenia simulating rapid growth of Kaposi's sarcoma
Congenital cutaneous candidiasis
Shingles
Hydrogen peroxide-induced skin blanching
Dose-related seroreversal in syphilis
Histologic patterns of secondary syphilis
Macular amyloidosis with localized amyloidosis of upper air passages
The Burden of Hospitalization for Atrial Fibrillation—Reply
Diphtherial stomatitis: a complication of immunosuppressive therapy
Povidone-iodine in polyethylene oxide hydrogel dressing. Effect on multiplication of Staphylococcus aureus in partial-thickness wounds
Etretinate therapy
Drug therapy for neurofibromatosis?
Choosing dermatologic instruction for students in family practice
Military PTSD Care
Histologic evaluation of preauricular and postauricular human skin after high-energy, short-pulse carbon dioxide laser
Acquired nonfamilial melanoma: an inappropriate conclusion
Solitary Langerhans cell histiocytoma
Organizational impact in the dermatologic literature
Tacrolimus (FK 506)--a new therapeutic agent for severe recalcitrant psoriasis
Eosinophilic pustular folliculitis (Ofuji's disease). Immunohistochemical analysis
A double-blind study of prazosin in the treatment of Raynaud's phenomenon in scleroderma
An erythematous plaque above the ear. Skin involvement by a B-cell follicular centrocytic/centroblastic lymphoma
Personality disorders and psychopathologic symptoms in patients with androgenetic alopecia
Bullous pemphigoid and ulcerative colitis
Antibodies to melanocytes. Occurrence in patients with vitiligo and chronic mucocutaneous candidiasis
Borderline tuberculoid leprosy with neuralgia
Linear psoriasis and systematized epidermolytic nevus
Radionuclide scanning in pseudo-Kaposi's sarcoma
Blue-black pigmentation of the legs associated with pefloxacin therapy
Plantar Fibromatosis
Immunobiological significance of the Ro/SSA antigen-antibody system
Pyoderma gangrenosum, altered delayed hypersensitivity and polyarthritis
Corynebacterium acnes from human skin. Identification by morphologic, cultural, biochemical, serological, and chromatographic methods
Disseminated Blue Nevus: Abnormal Nevoblast Migration or Proliferation?
Methotrexate and ultraviolet radiation
Ascorbic acid revisited
Gene alterations and clinical characteristics of xeroderma pigmentosum group A patients in Japan
Infantile perianal pyramidal protrusion
Another view concerning the proposal to change the name of the American Academy of Dermatology
Allergic contact dermatitis to underwear elastic. Chemically transformed by laundry bleach
Toxic epidermal necrolysis in a patient with graft-vs-host reaction
Lupus erythematosus-like lesions in newborn infants
Azathioprine and pemphigus vulgaris
Facial dermatitis
Unilateral nevoid telangiectasia with gastric involvement
Livedoid vasculitis and central nervous system involvement in systemic lupus erythematosus
Polyvalent light sensitivity (persistent light reactivity?); allergic contact sensitivity to sulisobenzone
Seasonality and long-term trends of pediculosis capitis and pubis in a young adult population
Ichthyosis (type questionable) vs psoriasis
Fat-storing hamartoma of dermal dendrocytes. Clinical, histologic, and ultrastructural study
Steroid sulfatase activity in epidermis of acne-prone and non-acne-prone skin of patients with acne vulgaris
Erythema nodosum leprosum
Syphilitic paronychia: an unusual complaint
Skin lesions due to exposure to methyl bromide
Ulcerative lichen planus of the feet. A case in which the serological findings suggested systemic lupus erythematosus
Long-term risks of psoralen and UV-A therapy for psoriasis
Visual Acuity Changes in Patients With Leber Congenital Amaurosis and Mutations in CEP290
Psoralens and UV-A and UV-B twice weekly for the treatment of psoriasis
Comparative efficacy of treatments for pediculosis capitis infestations
Cutaneous T-cell lymphoma and human immunodeficiency virus. The spectrum broadens
Dermatitis as a presenting sign of cystic fibrosis
Erythema, skin cancer risk, and sunscreens
Antimalarial psychosis revisited
Antibodies eluted from lymphoid cell membrane. Occurrence in certain varieties of scleroderma
Pyridoxine-responsive herpes gestationis
Comedogenicity of sunscreens. Experimental observations in rabbits
Cutaneous manifestations of Pseudomonas infection in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Leiomyoma of the scrotum
Complement-fixing intercellular antibodies in a case of cicatricial pemphigoid
T-cell activation is potentiated by cytokines released by lesional psoriatic, but not normal, epidermis
A clinical, mycological, and immunological survey for dermatophytosis
Correcting the Record on Dietary Supplement Regulation
Melanoacanthoma of the eyelid
Disappearance of a nevocellular nevus with depigmentation
Toxoplasmosis appearing to be dermatomyositis
Social Desirability Bias in Self-rated Presenteeism Among Resident Physicians
Chancroidal ulcers that are not chancroid. Cause and epidemiology
Onychomycosis
Ichthyosiform dermatoses
Curettage-electrodesiccation treatment of basal cell carcinomas
Letter: The sign of Leser-Trelat
Dermatologic manifestations of Schistosomiasis mansoni
The case for sunscreens. A review of their use in preventing actinic damage and neoplasia
Various vagaries of vasoconstriction
IgE antibodies to Staphylococcus aureus
The monkey's paw
Perianal cellulitis. Cutaneous group A streptococcal disease
Controversy in genetic disorders
Letter: Topically applied lincomycin for acne
Absence of detectable alpha 6 integrin in pyloric atresia-junctional epidermolysis bullosa syndrome. Application for prenatal diagnosis in a family at risk for recurrence
Criterion-Based (Proficiency) Training to Improve Surgical Performance
HLA-A10 in pemphigus among Japanese
Failure of livedoid vasculitis to respond to tissue plasminogen activator
Dapsone and peripheral motor neuropathy
Letter: Trioxsalen therapy for vitiligo
Steroid rosacea
The molecular genetics of dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa
The informative abstract
Molluscum contagiosum. New insights, new directions
Efficacy of minocycline compared with tetracycline in treatment of acne vulgaris
Radon seed implants. Residual radioactivity after 33 years
Juvenile pemphigus foliaceous: response to dapsone
Dermatomyositis and dermatitis herpetiformis
A solitary, erythematous, hyperkeratotic papule. Acantholytic acanthoma
Fluctuant nodules and alopecia of the scalp. Perifolliculitis capitis abscedens et suffodiens
Multiple clear cell acanthomas
Pilar neurocristic hamartoma: its relationship to blue nevus and equine melanotic disease
Frequency and prognostic significance of clonal T-cell receptor beta-gene rearrangements in the peripheral blood of patients with mycosis fungoides
Familial occurrence of lichen sclerosus et atrophicus. Case reports of a mother and daughter
In vivo bound pemphigus antibodies in a stillborn infant. Passive intrauterine transfer of pemphigus vulgaris?
Allergic contact photodermatitis to para-aminobenzoic acid
Prognostic factors and predictive signs of malignancy in adult dermatomyositis. A study of 32 cases
Optimizing treatment parameters for hair removal using a topical carbon-based solution and 1064-nm Q-switched neodymium:YAG laser energy
Sebaceous glands in the esophagus. First case observed grossly
Adverse reactions to bovine collagen implants. Additional evidence for immune response gene control of collagen reactivity in humans
A pruritic vesicular eruption. Henoch-Schonlein purpura
Adhesive tape anhidrosis
Polymorphic light eruption
Clinicopathologic findings in the Bannayan-Riley-Ruvalcaba syndrome
Integrity and permeability barrier function of photoaged human epidermis
Impetigo herpetiformis or generalized pustular psoriasis?
Detecting Obstructive Coronary Disease With CT Angiography and Noninvasive Fractional Flow Reserve
Plane xanthomatosis with antilipoprotein autoantibody
Identification of a neutrophil chemotactic inhibitor in a patient with recurrent pyoderma
Clinical measurement pen
Immunoglobulin deposits in lepromatous leprosy skin. Presence of deposits in apparently uninvolved skin and occurrence of serum antiepithelial antibodies
Localized multicentric Bowen's disease of the scalp
Percutaneous absorption of salicylic acid
Evidence for impaired glucose tolerance in uncomplicated psoriasis. Preliminary report
Borrelia burgdorferi DNA and Borrelia hermsii DNA are not associated with morphea or lichen sclerosus et atrophicus in the southwestern United States
Ligneous conjunctivitis [proceedings]
Six of One, Half a Dozen of the Other
Pseudomonas mesophilica cutaneous infection in an immunocompetent patient
Studies in patients with corticosteroid contact allergy: a flawed analysis of structure-function relationships
Further information on mycetomas
Call level I (in situ) malignant melanoma. What it is
T cells in cutaneous lesions of Sezary syndrome and T-cell leukemia. Characterization by monoclonal antibodies
Phagocyte function and cell-mediated immunity in systemic lupus erythematosus
Pemphigus foliaceus resembling eruptive seborrheic keratoses
Halo nevi without dermal infiltrate
Xanthoma disseminatum and multiple myeloma
Pseudogranuloma inguinale caused by haemophilus ducreyi
Malignant melanoma
Multiple erythematous papules on the back of a patient with ankylosing spondylitis. Multiple basal cell carcinomas (BCCs) secondary to radiation exposure
Absence of significant adverse effects from low-dose subcutaneous epinephrine in dermatologic procedures
Solitary pigmented Bowen's disease
Prevalence and Predictors of Smoking by Inpatients During a Hospital Stay
Skin manifestations in toxoplasmosis
Psoriasiform dermatosis in a rhesus monkey. Epidermal labeling indexes, polyamines, and histopathologic findings
Sudden onset of blisters and ulcerations in a healthy man. Toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN)
Races, Clines, and Phototypes
Butylated hydroxytoluene as a skin lightener
Urticaria as a sign of viral hepatitis
Antigen specificity of antihistone antibodies in localized scleroderma
Heterogeneity of polymorphous light eruption: a study of 105 patients
Reader's Choice CME in the Archives of Dermatology
Bleeding Risk With Ischemic Stroke Therapy—Reply
Eosinophilic pustular folliculitis. Report of two cases with a review of the Japanese literature
Tachyphylaxis to topically applied steroids
Systemic contact dermatitis medicamentosa induced by topical eye lotion (sisomicin) in a patient with corneal allograft
Asymptomatic macular erythematous lesions. Lepromatous leprosy, macular stage
Cimetidine in chronic mucocutaneous candidiasis
Pseudomonas infection in superhydrated skin
Epidermal mast cells
Contact dermatitis from cellulose ester plastics
Springtime papules, plaques, and cheilitis. Polymorphous light eruption (PMLE)
Thromboprophylaxis and Major Oncologic Surgery Performed With Epidural Analgesia
Establishment of a Normative Pediatric Acoustic Database
Efficiency of acitretin in the treatment of cutaneous lupus erythematosus
Acyclovir in the prevention of severe aphthous ulcers
Women in academic dermatology. Results of survey from the professors of dermatology
Skin cancer in patients with psoriasis treated with coal tar. A 25-year follow-up study
The cellular and molecular biology of skin aging
Sebum: analysis by infrared spectroscopy. II. The suppression of fatty acids by systemically administered antibiotics
Serum samples from patients with active psoriasis enhance lymphocyte-induced angiogenesis and modulate endothelial cell proliferation
Trichomycosis axillaris
Letter: Methotrexate toxicity and anemia
Radiology Quiz Case 2
Scleredema adultorum. A case of the recurrent cellulitis syndrome
Radiology Quiz Case 1
Lack of efficacy of the Q-switched ruby laser in the treatment of vitiligo
Extensive facial infiltration in an Ethiopian woman. Adenoid cystic carcinoma
Systemic dapsone
Systemic absorption of topical steroids. Metabolic effects as an index of mild hypercortisolism
Treatment of squamous cell carcinoma of the lip in a kidney transplant patient
Morpheic plaque of the lower eyelid. Sebaceous carcinoma of the eyelid
Angioimmunoblastic lymphadenopathy followed by Kaposi's sarcoma
Delayed cutaneous reaction to phytonadione
Latent Epstein-Barr virus infection is frequently detected in subcutaneous lymphoma associated with hemophagocytosis but not in nonfatal cytophagic histiocytic panniculitis
Dermatophyte infection caused by Aphanoascus fulvescens
Evidence-Based Medicine in a Nutshell
Abrasive cleansing in the management of acne vulgaris
Porphyria cutanea tarda and acquired immunodeficiency syndrome: pathogenetic implications
Scabies simulating Darier disease in an immunosuppressed host
Olmsted syndrome in twins
Keratoacanthomas: human papillomavirus associated?
Human melanocytes as a model system for studies of Alzheimer disease
Benign familial chronic pemphigus treated with dapsone
Immunologic response to A and B erythrocytic antigen
Hereditary progressive mucinous histiocytosis. Immunohistochemical and ultrastructural studies in an additional family
Health Benefits of Gastric Bypass Surgery After 6 Years
Varicella-zoster virus disease in patients with human immunodeficiency virus infection
Diphenylhydantoin therapy
The 'Ugly Duckling' Sign: Identification of the Common Characteristics of Nevi in an Individual as a Basis for Melanoma Screening
Natural killer cell activity is reduced in patients with severe forms of inherited epidermolysis bullosa
Solitary violaceous nodule on the face. Dermal cylindroma (also known as cylindroma, dermal eccrine cylindroma, Spiegler's tumor, turban tumor, and tomato tumor)
Angiokeratoma corporis diffusum and arteriovenous fistulas with dominant transmission in the absence of metabolic disorders
Genital tract papillomavirus infection in children
Zebra-like hyperpigmentation in an infant with multiple congenital defects
Optimal use of an occlusive dressing to enhance healing. Effect of delayed application and early removal on wound healing
Chronic nonhereditary blistering disease in children
Hereditary C2 deficiency associated with cutaneous lupus erythematosus: clinical, laboratory, and genetic studies
Treatment of toxic epidermal necrolysis. Creteil's experience
Acute generalized livedo reticularis with myasthenialike syndrome revealing parvovirus B19 primary infection
Hello tricone; good-bye "dog-ear"
Cutaneous histopathologic findings in 'antiphospholipid syndrome'. Correlation with disease, including human immunodeficiency virus disease
Penile verrucous carcinoma
Beta carotene treatment and erythrocytic protoporphyrin levels
Molluscum contagiosum and human immunodeficiency virus
Herpetism
Acyclovir topical therapy of cutaneous herpes simplex virus infection in guinea pigs
Bilateral odontogenous sinuses on the chin
Treatment of alopecia areata with dinitrochlorobenzene
Letter: Contact dermatitis to substituted imidazolidinyl urea--a common preservative in cosmetics
Demonstration of human papillomavirus type 16-related DNA and absence of detectable p53 gene mutations in widespread cutaneous squamous cell carcinomas after oral psoralen with UV-A treatment
Paul Langerhans: a tribute
Epidermal changes limited to the epidermis of guinea pig skin by low-power carbon dioxide laser irradiation
Gram's-stained microscopy in the etiological diagnosis of Malassezia (Pityrosporon) folliculitis
Monoclonal gammopathy in scleredema. Observations in three cases
Pigmented lesion following complete removal of melanoma
Subcorneal pustular dermatosis in children
Treatment of chronic herpes infection with 5% idoxuridine
Aging and photoaging affect gene expression in cultured human keratinocytes
Cutaneous findings in craniofacial malformation syndromes
Linear porokeratosis in a family with DSAP
Lupus mastitis
Subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus. Genetic markers and clinical and immunological findings in patients
Photodynamic therapy of actinic keratosis with topical 5-aminolevulinic acid. A pilot dose-ranging study
Dermatitis of the leg following saphenous venectomy
Varicella-like infection due to herpes simplex
Risks and Benefits of Medications in Real-World Practice
Localized Ehlers-Danlos syndrome
Zinc deficiency and acrodermatitis after intravenous hyperalimentation
Foreign-body granuloma on the forehead: reaction to bindi
Eruptive syringoma
Story of the pits
Half-life of methotrexate: new evidence
Pro and con of continuing education
Carcinoma of mammary crease "simulating basal cell epithelioma"
Abnormalities of immunoregulation in progressive systemic sclerosis. Evidence for excess helper-cell function and altered B-cell function
Bullous pemphigoid and dermatitis herpetiformis. Histopathologic differentiation of bullous pemphigoid and dermatitis herpetiformis
Letter: Onycholysis from sodium hypochlorite
Genetic Risk in Childhood Obesity: Implications for Clinical Practice
Immunosuppressive therapy of pemphigus vulgaris complicated by Nocardia pneumonia. Gold as an alternate therapy
Multiple cystic lesions. Steatocystoma multiplex
Unusual sacrococcygeal embryologic malformations with cutaneous manifestations
Bowen's and non-Bowen's squamous intraepidermal neoplasia of the skin. Relationship to internal malignancy
Necrotic bilateral buttocks ulcerations occurring after multiple intramuscular iron dextran injections
Synchronization of plasmapheresis and pulse cyclophosphamide therapy in pemphigus vulgaris
Letter: Unusual foreign body secondary to nail injury
Oral lesions associated with pityriasis rosea
Linear scleroderma
Toxic epidermal necrolysis in Singapore, 1989 through 1993: incidence and antecedent drug exposure
Coumarin necrosis
Water-induced itching without cutaneous signs. Aquagenic pruritus
Detection of clonal T-cell receptor gamma gene rearrangements with the use of the polymerase chain reaction in cutaneous lesions of mycosis fungoides and Sezary syndrome
Systemic lupus erythematosus with nodular lesions
Letter: Urethral diverticulum presenting as a penile cyst
Comparison of crude coal tar and topical methoxsalen in treatment of psoriasis
A phototherapy cabinet for ultraviolet radiation therapy
An argument for circumcision. Prevention of balanitis in the adult
Predictors of Level II and Vb Neck Disease in Metastatic Papillary Thyroid Cancer
Basal cell hamartoma with follicular differentiation
Chronic granulomatous disease of childhood. Superficial pyoderma as a major dermatologic manifestation
Hookworm folliculitis
Isolation of human ferrochelatase
Histiocytic lymphophagocytic panniculitis. An unusual extranodal presentation of sinus histiocytosis with massive lymphadenopathy (Rosai-Dorfman disease)
Inherited extensive speckled lentiginous nevus with ichthyosis: report of a previously undescribed association
Anthralin therapy for psoriasis. A new look at an old compound
Can scalp hair suddenly turn white? A case of canities subita
Spreading pigmented actinic keratosis. An electron microscopic study
Diffuse and banded melanin pigmentation in nails
Lupus erythematosus-like syndrome with a familial deficiency of C2
Treatment of actinic keratosis
Clinical efficacy of antimicrobial therapy in Haemophilus ducreyi infections
Topical sulfadiazine silver for bullous pemphigoid
Proceedings: Cholesterol emboli causing gangrene of the extremities
Familial multiple trichodiscomas. A clinicopathologic study
Electron beam therapy. Its effect on eccrine gland function in mycosis fungoides patients
The cutaneous amyloidoses. I. Localized forms
Erythematous Nodules in a Patient Infected With the Human Immunodeficiency Virus
Cutaneous protothecosis. Successful treatment with amphotericin B
Heredity of chronic polymorphous light eruptions
PUVA therapy in the treatment of skin lesions of the hypereosinophilic syndrome
Surgical vs Lifestyle Treatment for Type 2 Diabetes
Infectious mononucleosis-like manifestations. An adverse reaction to sulfasalazine
Numerous multiple hairs
Letter: Malignant blue nevus
Lupus erythematosus and panniculitis
Relapsing polychondritis: unusual neurological findings and therapeutic efficacy of dapsone
Immunofluorescent and immunoperoxidase staining of antibodies to fibrous keratin. Improved sensitivity for detecting epidermal cancer cells
Pancreatic carcinoma with dissemination to umbilicus and skin
Quality assessment of skin biopsy specimens referred to anonymous consultants
Cellulitis caused by Histoplasma organisms in a renal transplant recipient
Cephalexin therapy for infectious syphilis
Treatment of chancroid. A comparison of tetracycline and sulfisoxazole
Activated T lymphocytes, interferon, and retrovirus-like particles in psoriatic lesions
Effects of relaxation therapy and hypnotizability in chronic urticaria
Cyclosporine and murine allergic contact dermatitis
In search of human skin pheromones
Letter: Allergic contact dermatitis to vitamin E aerosol deodorant
Kaposi's sarcoma limited to the facial skin
Ichthyosiform dermatosis with systemic lipidosis
The role of genetic variation in thiopurine methyltransferase activity and the efficacy and/or side effects of azathioprine therapy in dermatologic patients
Free drug samples. Use and abuse
Topical minoxidil therapy in hereditary androgenetic alopecia
Chloroquine-induced hypopigmentation of hair and freckles. Association with congenital renal failure
Chromohyphomycosis. Treatment wit ketoconazole
Connective tissue panniculitis
Staphylococcal enterotoxin B applied on intact normal and intact atopic skin induces dermatitis
Dermal myiasis caused by the rabbit botfly (Cuterebra sp)
Early printing in dermatology
Mutagenicity and carcinogenicity of methoxsalen plus UV-A
Cutaneous T-lymphocyte lymphoma in association with multiple myeloma
Ichthyosiform dermatosis and deafness
Cutaneous phycomycosis. Report of three cases with identification of Rhizopus
Cutaneous plasmacytoma?
Question of psoriatic enteropathy
Microscopic Morphology of Different Types of Urticaria
Etretinate therapy causes increases in lipid levels in patients with psoriasis
Pseudomonas cepacia endocarditis and ecthyma gangrenosum
Hereditary papulotranslucent acrokeratoderma. A new variant of familial punctate keratoderma?
Fixed-drug eruption due to tetracycline. Report of a case
Cutaneous periarteritis nodosa. Hepatitis B surface antigen-containing immunocomplexes and polymorphonuclear-leukocyte lysosomal enzyme release
Recurrent hyperkeratotic papules following superficial trauma. Reactive perforating collagenosis (RPC)
Pedunculated malignant melanoma
Letter: Delayed blanch in alopecia mucinosa
Increased natural killer cell activity in patients with epidermodysplasia verruciformis
Dosage guidelines: extracorporeal photochemotherapy (photopheresis)
Apoptotic and proliferating cells in cutaneous lymphoproliferative diseases
Linear cutaneous lesions of Kaposi's sarcoma: a clinical clue to the diagnosis of acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Reviewmanship: in need of review
IgE levels in sera of patients with pemphigus or bullous pemphigoid
Ecologic principles and antibiotic therapy in chronic dermatoses
Pruritic skin diseases, psychological stress, and the itch sensation. A reliable method for the induction of experimental pruritus
Epidemiology of contact dermatitis in North America: 1972
An enlarging tumor of the foot. Eccrine poroma
Editorial: McDonald's acne
The Changing Spectrum of the Cutaneous Manifestations of HIV Disease
Hidroacanthoma simplex. A report of two cases
"The basal-cell nevus" by Howell and Caro, January 1959. Commentary: The nevoid basal cell carcinoma syndrome
Cutaneous lesions of lymphomatoid granulomatosis
Merkel cell carcinoma
Effect of superficial hypothermic cryotherapy with liquid nitrogen on alopecia areata
Racial Differences in the Impact of Elevated Systolic Blood Pressure on Stroke Risk
c-Ha-ras and UV photocarcinogenesis. Do rays raise ras?
Red palms and orange palms
Pigmentary changes in aged and photoaged skin
Cutaneous neuroma
Association of juvenile xanthogranuloma with juvenile myeloid leukemia
Basal cell carcinoma arising in a chickenpox scar
Development of an objective comedogenicity assay
Topical Cyproterone Acetate Treatment in Women With Acne
Familial dyskeratotic comedones
Food and Drug Administration recommendations on radiation of benign diseases
Successful treatment of erythema induratum of bazin following rapid detection of mycobacterial DNA by polymerase chain reaction
The bilobed flap for nasal reconstruction
Estrogen and progesterone receptors are not increased in generalized essential telangiectasia
Acquired cheek dimple caused by gingivobuccal fibrous band
Facial ulcerations in an immunocompromised patient. Ecthyma gangrenosum
Amalgam tattoo of oral mucosa
Skin surface electron microscopy in Pityrosporum folliculitis. The role of follicular occlusion in disease and the response to oral ketoconazole
Multiple sclerosis
Use of recombinant interferon gamma administered intramuscularly for the treatment of psoriasis
Thrips
Leukocytoclastic vasculitis. A cutaneous expression of immune complex disease
Vasculitis affecting the skin. A review
A rapidly growing facial nodule in an elderly man. Merkel cell carcinoma, with presumed metastasis to regional lymph nodes
Pyogenic granuloma with multiple satellites
Metformin Benefits the Brain
Role of sun exposure on nevus. First study in age-sex phenotype-controlled populations
Evaluation of Clinical Results, Histological Architecture, and Collagen Expression Following Treatment of Mature Burn Scars With a Fractional Carbon Dioxide Laser
Porphyria. The ole of iron and steroids
Letter: Fixed drug eruption due to penicillin
Staphylococcus aureus and atopic dermatitis
Cheyletiella infestation of cats and their owners
Association of Blood Transfusion With Increased Mortality in Myocardial Infarction
Acne vulgaris. Studies in pathogenesis: fatty acids of corynebacterium acnes
Pseudofolliculitis of the beard and topically applied tretinoin
Juvenile hyalin fibromatosis
Chronic dermatosis in a young man. Darier's disease
Collection of skin lipids
Significance of human papillomavirus-induced squamous cell carcinoma to dermatologists
Immediate hypersensitivity in hand dermatitis. Role of food-contact dermatitis
Topical adrenal steroids and patch tests
Prevalence and characteristics of anti-single-stranded DNA antibodies in localized scleroderma. Comparison with systemic lupus erythematosus
Xanthomonas (formerly Pseudomonas) maltophilia--induced cellulitis in a neutropenic patient
The adjuvant therapy of pemphigus. An update
Leukocytoclastic vasculitis in urticaria induced by ultraviolet irradiation
Erythrokeratodermia variabilis treated with isotretinoin. A clinical, histologic, and ultrastructural study
White piedra
Serum triglyceride elevation following high-dose vitamin A treatment for pityriasis rubra pilaris
Skin tags and diabetes
N-acetyl-4-S-cysteaminylphenol as a new type of depigmenting agent for the melanoderma of patients with melasma
Thrombotic Klinefelter syndrome associated with factor V Leiden mutation
Vasculitis in granuloma annulare: histopathology and direct immunofluorescence
Cimetidine-induced xerosis and asteatotic dermatitis
Sinus histiocytosis with massive lymphadenopathy. Current status and future directions
Asymptomatic Swelling of a Man's Ear
Stevens-Johnson syndrome from ophthalmic sulfonamide
A delicate balance. A perspective on pharmaceutical sampling
Unusual cutaneous cytomegalovirus involvement in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Cutis verticis gyrata and pachydermoperiostosis: demonstration with computed tomography
Cutaneous vasculitis and rheumatoid factor positivity as presenting signs of hepatitis C virus-induced mixed cryoglobulinemia
Eczema vaccinatum and eczema herpeticum in Darier disease
Blue fingertips associated with myxedema
Treatment of dermabrasion wounds with a hydrocolloid occlusive dressing
Atypical fibroxanthoma of the skin with osteoid production
Primary cutaneous plasmacytoma
DR antigens in bullous pemphigoid
Xeroderma pigmentosum
Amyloidosis cutis dyschromica. DNA repair reduction in the cellular response to UV light
Atypical pigmented penile macules
A longitudinal study of contact sensitivity in patients with atopic dermatitis
Successful treatment of generalized discoid skin lesions with azathioprine. Its use in a patient with systemic lupus erythematosus
Periumbilical hyperpigmented plaque. Periumbilical perforating pseudoxanthoma elasticum (PPPXE)
Pathology quiz case l. Dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans
Systematic Review of the Technique of Colorectal Anastomosis
Treatment of pustulosis palmaris et plantaris with oral doses of colchicine
Cutaneous presentations of lymphoma in human immunodeficiency virus disease. Predominance of T cell lineage
Guidelines for use of azaribine in treatment of psoriasis
Autoantibodies from patients with localized and generalized bullous pemphigoid immunoprecipitate the same 230-kd keratinocyte antigen
African trypanosomiasis in the United States
Giant congenital neuroid melanocytic nevus
The history of photography in dermatology. Milestones from the roots to the 20th century
Dermatology in England
Fumigant-induced toxic epidermal necrolysis
Dermatology in the People's Republic of China
Outcomes of cryosurgery in keloids and hypertrophic scars. A prospective consecutive trial of case series
Keratoacanthoma. Association with basal and squamous cell carcinoma
PUVA-induced blisters, complement deposition, and damage to the dermoepidermal junction
Eosinophilic myositis with eosinophilic cellulitislike skin lesions. Association with increased serum levels of eosinophil cationic protein and interleukin-5
A histopathologic evaluation of nevocellular nevi in pregnancy
Urticaria pigmentosa in three siblings
Proceedings: Granuloma faciale
The case of the vanishing lesions: mycosis fungoides [proceedings]?
Pemphigus Vulgaris of the Cervix and Upper Vaginal Vault: A Cause of Atypical Papanicolaou Smears
Cutaneous histiocytoid hemangioma
Error in Author Contributions Paragraph in: Patient Preference in the Decision to Place Implantable Cardioverter-Defibrillators
Topical unresponsiveness of depigmented areas
Successful treatment of Sezary syndrome with lymphomatous transformation to large cell lymphoma with fludarabine phosphate
Coexisting childhood pemphigus foliaceus and Graves' disease
Cutaneous extravascular necrotizing granuloma in a patient with Takayasu's aortitis
Amphotericin B therapy in dermal leishmanoid
Direct immunofluorescence of bullous systemic lupus erythematosus
Extensive ichthyosiform sarcoidosis in a patient with juvenile rheumatoid arthritis
Counting the nucleolar organizer region-associated proteins is a prognostic clue of malignant melanoma
Primary cutaneous cryptococcosis
Choriocarcinoma metastatic to skin
Tetracycline therapy in acne vulgaris
Psoriasis, polymorphonuclear leukocytes, and lithium carbonate. An important clue
Cellular and Molecular Dynamics in Exercise-Induced Urticarial Vasculitis Lesions
Error in Number
Dermatosparaxis in children. A case report and review of the newly recognized phenotype
The spectrum of epidermolysis bullosa acquisita
A comparison of the Tzanck smear and viral isolation in varicella and herpes zoster
Functions of melanin
Rudimentary meningocele presenting with a scalp hair tuft. Report of two cases
Pagetoid reticulosis (Woringer-Kolopp disease). Histopathologic and ultrastructural observations
Atypical fibroxanthoma (AFX)
Spindle cell nevi in adults and children
Contact dermatitis from N-isopropyl-N-phenylparaphenylenediamine
Conjunctivitis
Hereditary sclerosing poikiloderma. Report of two families with an unusual and distinctive genodermatosis
Radiation-induced squamous sialometaplasia
Recurrent draining cyst on the shoulder. Clear cell hidradenoma (CCH) (nodular hidradenoma)
Lichenoid chronic graft-vs-host disease occurring in a dermatomal distribution
Rubinstein-Taybi syndrome. Cutaneous manifestations and colossal keloids
Histologic, ultrastructural and histochemical studies of granuloma annulare
Amyopathic dermatomyositis
Dietary Composition During Weight-Loss Maintenance
Kaposi's sarcoma in a patient with dermatomyositis receiving immunosuppressive therapy
Familial multiple desmoplastic trichoepitheliomas
Creeping eruption. A review of clinical presentation and management of 60 cases presenting to a tropical disease unit
Cutaneous necrosis induced by injection of hydrocarbons
Acute acneiform eruption secondary to MK-672
Intravenous administration of recombinant human granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor causes a cutaneous eruption
Crude coal tar plus near ultraviolet light suppresses DNA synthesis in epidermis
Aminobenzoic acid and its esters. The quest for more effective sunscreens
Two divergent findings in TEN
Lichen planus and ulcerative colitis
Letter: Vitiligo in ancient Indian medicine
Vesicular pemphigoid
Ochronosislike pigmentation from hydroquinone bleaching creams in American blacks
Familial cases of pustulosis palmoplantaris with arthrosteitis
Erythromelalgia as a form of neuropathy
Allergy to yellow dyes
Transepithelial elimination of amyloid
Localized and disseminated pagetoid reticulosis. Diagnostic immunophenotypical findings
Dermatitis at vein graft site in coronary artery bypass patients
Pathology quiz case 1: plasmacytoma (extension from bone involvement)
Increase of melanocytic nevus counts in children during 5 years of follow-up and analysis of associated factors
Alopecia areata and Down syndrome
Systemic lupus erythematosus: association with psoralen--ultraviolet-A treatment of psoriasis
Mixed connective tissue disease
Histology and cytochemistry of human skin. 3. The eyelid
Lichen planus pemphigoides with extensive melanosis. Occurrence in a patient with malignant lymphoma
The significance of a single periungual fibroma: report of seven cases
Cat-scratch disease. Histopathologic changes in the skin
Transfusion therapy in a patient with erythropoietic protoporphyria
Sensitivity and specificity of potassium hydroxide smears of skin scrapings for the diagnosis of tinea pedis
Louis Chargin, MD. (1879-1969)
Localized scleroderma
Treatment of corns by injectable silicone
Tylosis palmaris et plantaris. Its occurrence with internal malignancy
Cutaneous toxicity of intralesional bleomycin administration in the treatment of periungual warts
Purpuric nodules along a surgical scar. Metastatic malignant mesothelioma of the tunica vaginalis testis
Isolated epidermolytic acanthoma. A solitary tumor showing granular degeneration
Hydroxyurea. A new treatment for psoriasis
Bullous dermatosis and myeloma. Monoclonal anticytoplasmic antibody activity
Nodular panniculitis associated with an inflammatory bone lesion
The anticardiolipin syndrome. A new way to slice an old pie, or a new pie to slice?
Tetracycline-induced onycholysis unassociated with photosensitivity
Atypical FTA in lupus erythematosus
Malignant degeneration of lichen planus
Successful treatment of severe polymorphous light eruption with azathioprine
Relationship of syphilis to drug use and prostitution--Connecticut and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania
Controlled localized heat therapy in cutaneous warts
North American blastomycosis presenting as an acute panniculitis and arthritis
Skin markers of malignancy
Treatment of scleromyxedema with melphalan
Intralesional bleomycin sulfate therapy for warts. A novel bifurcated needle puncture technique
Creeping eruption
Squamous cell carcinoma of the lower lip involving a large cutaneous surface. Photodynamic therapy as an alternative therapy
Guidelines for the Management of Health-Care Worker Exposures to HIV and Recommendations for Postexposure Prophylaxis
Cornifying Darier disease--a unique variant. I. Report of a case
Progressive cutaneous herpes simplex infection in acute myeloblastic leukemia. Successful treatment with interferon and cytarabine
An ultrastructural study of the reactive type of elastosis perforans serpiginosa
Pathogenesis of erythromelalgia
Radiation injury to skin following fluoroscopically guided procedures
Treatment of melanotic freckle with x-rays
Effect of prior pregnancy on melanoma survival
Atrophie blanche in a patient with gamma-heavy-chain disease
Letter: Contact dermatitis due to perfume in Mycolog cream
Stellate plant hair contaminant in the laboratory
Basal cell carcinoma occurring in multiple familial trichoepithelioma: detection of loss of heterozygosity in chromosome 9q
Mucha-Habermann's disease in children: treatment with erythromycin
Transient bullous dermolysis of the newborn: new pathologic findings
Clofazimine. A new agent for the treatment of pyoderma gangrenosum
Cutaneous granulomas in malignant lymphoma
Cutaneous granulomatosis in Crohn's disease
Morbilliform eruption in non-Hodgkin's lymphoma
In defense of lymphomatoid papulosis
Association of human immunodeficiency virus seropositivity and extensive perineal condylomata acuminata in a child
Multiple (subcutaneous) angiolipomas. Clinical, pathologic, and pharmacologic studies
Percutaneous absorption of minoxidil in man
Phenytoin-induced pseudolymphoma syndrome: an immunologic study
Bullous pemphigoid, myasthenia gravis, and thymoma
Interleukin 2 and granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor induce a perivascular lymphocytic infiltrate in a skin explant model
Using Health Information Technology to Improve Health Care: Emphasizing Speed to Value
Epidermolysis bullosa acquisita in childhood
Combined features of pemphigus foliaceus and bullous pemphigoid: immunoblot and immunoelectron microscopic studies
A photodistributed rash. Pellagra
Sarcoidosis masquerading as Hansen' disease
Defects and deficiency of adenyl cyclase in psoriatic skin
Drug-induced nephrotoxicity
Human papillomavirus type 1-associated squamous cell carcinoma in a heart transplant recipient
Papillon-Lefevre syndrome
Injectable collagen implants
Epidermolysis bullosa acquisita
Predicting Treatment Response in Social Anxiety Disorder From Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging
Bullous pemphigoid with features of prurigo nodularis
Cutaneous pigmented stripes and bleomycin treatment
Is hair dyed with para-phenylenediamine allergenic?
Pathology quiz case 2. Leukemia cutis
Topically administered fluorouracil in acrodermatitis continua of Hallopeau
Unilateral cutaneous emboli of Aspergillus
Failure of curettage and electrodesiccation for removal of basal cell carcinoma
The accuracy of indirect immunofluorescence on sodium chloride-split skin in differentiating subepidermal bullous diseases
Variegate porphyria and porphyria cutanea tarda
Intralesional human lymphoblastoid interferon alpha for the treatment of cutaneous, nongenital viral warts
Unusual cutaneous histiocytosis expressing an intermediate immunophenotype between Langerhans' cells and dermal macrophages
Molecular basis of dermatologic disease
Familial lichen planus. A report of nine cases from four families with a brief review of the literature
Hyperpigmentation of the skin associated with minocycline therapy
Postphlebitic localized hypertrichosis
Demodex granuloma
Papular or papulovesicular syndromes
Clinical pharmacology
Assembling the puzzle pieces in atopic inflammation
Lupus band test
Cysticercus cellulosae cutis
Oral methoxsalen photochemotherapy for acne vulgaris
Giant juvenile xanthogranuloma
Angioimmunoblastic lymphadenopathy. A generalized lymphoproliferative disorder with cutaneous manifestations
Differential control of cell death in the skin
Serum vitamin A levels in psoriasis: results from the First National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey
Failure of oral gastrointestinal dialysis as therapy for psoriasis
Skin diseases in twins
An ultrastructural study of cell junctions in pemphigus vulgaris
Metabolic alkalinization therapy in porphyria cutanea tarda
Role of excision repair in UVB-induced depletion and recovery of human epidermal Langerhans cells
Proceedings: Localized urticaria pigmentosa
"Ichthyosiform dermatoses" by Frost and Van Scott, August 1966. Commentary: Ichthyosis and keratinization. Concepts in transition
Letter: Pustular parapsoriasis
Contact dermatitis from glutaraldehyde
Anti-Ro (SSA) and anti-La (SSB) antibodies in lupus erythematosus and in Sjogren's syndrome
The role of the myofibroblast in Dupuytren's contracture
Role of race in scabies infestation
Alteration of hypertrophic scars induced by mechanical pressure
The skin and chemical additives to foods
Photosensitivity following treatment with occlusive dressings
Pasteurella multocida infections following animal injuries, especially cat bites
Staphylococcus aureus carriage and HIV-1 disease: association with increased mucocutaneous infections as well as deep soft-tissue infections and sepsis
Sunscreen use and sun exposure. Trends in a white population
Benign summer light eruption: a new entity?
Topical cyclosporine in the treatment of oral and vulvar erosive lichen planus: a blood level monitoring study
Metastasizing basal cell carcinoma originating in a stasis ulcer in a black woman
Langerhans' cells in hair follicles of the depigmenting C57Bl/Ler-vit.vit mouse. A model for human vitiligo
Elevation of blood triglyceride levels secondary to administration of vitamin A
Systemic lupus erythematosus with vesiculobullous lesions. Immunoelectron microscopic studies
Immunological and chromosomal studies in a patient with Sezary syndrome
Proliferating angioendotheliomatosis. Case with long survival and review of literature
Letter: Inverse tinea versicolor
Scabies in chronic health care institutions
Scleroderma following augmentation mammoplasty. Report of a case and review of the literature
A cutaneous marker in the Hunter syndrome a report of four cases
Familial benign chronic pemphigus. A papular variant
Large vulvar lipoma
Failure of human growth hormone to benefit Ehlers-Danlos syndrome
Acantholytic herpetiform dermatitis
Incontinentia pigmenti. A world statistical analysis
Necrobiosis lipoidica associated with jejunoileal bypass surgery
Reticulosarcoma of vulva complicating azathioprine-treated dermatomyositis
Induction of actinic lichen planus with artificial UV sources
Comparison of the carcinogenic potential of trioxsalen bath PUVA and oral methoxsalen PUVA. A preliminary report
Torsion and Pattern Strabismus
Chaos: to see a world in a grain of sand and a heaven in a wild flower
Acne vulgaris and free fatty acids. A review and criticism
Immunostaining for CD34 to determine trichoepithelioma
Pemphigus erythematosus resembling multiple seborrheic keratoses
Patchy dermal hypoplasia as a characteristic feature of Proteus syndrome
Peripheral blood mononuclear cell subsets in patients with severe inherited forms of epidermolysis bullosa
Exogenous origin of n-alkanes in pathologic scale
Reinnervation of Flaps and Grafts of the Face
A case of possible Penicillium tinea capitis
Lymphomatoid papulosis update. A historical perspective
Prevalence of Cutaneous Disorders in a Population of HIV-Infected Patients<subtitle>Southwestern France, 1996</subtitle>
Sebaceous gland activity and serum dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate levels in boys and girls
Chronic mucocutaneous candidiasis of the adult. A report of a patient with an associated thymoma
The dropout patient
Fetal hydantoin syndrome
Low-calcium dialysis in calciphylaxis
Reticulum cell lymphoma
The autoantibody response to Ro/SSA in cutaneous lupus erythematosus
Acanthosis nigricans following diethylstilbestrol therapy. Occurrence in patients with childhood muscular dystrophy
Cutis marmorata telangiectatica congenita
Efficacy of "dermatophyte test medium". Comparison of two commercial preparations with laboratory-prepared Sabouraud-antibiotic medium
Letter: Methoxsalen and irradiation: treatment for pustulosis palmaris et plantaris
Serum concentration of procollagen type I carboxyterminal propeptide in localized scleroderma
Pigmented lesions in actinically damaged skin. Histopathologic comparison of biopsy and excisional specimens
Activated ras genes occur in human actinic keratoses, premalignant precursors to squamous cell carcinomas
Chondrodermatitis helicis arising after radiation therapy
Sunbed Use, User Characteristics, and Motivations for Tanning
Application of topical corticosteroids
Sign of Leser-Trelat
Chaetoconidium and atypical acid-fast bacilli in skin ulcers
Phytotherapeutic Approaches to Common Dermatologic Conditions
Pruritic ulcerating bruise in an elderly Hispanic man. Angiosarcoma (AS)
The Dermatologist's Position Concerning Nevi: A Vision Ranging From "The Ugly Duckling" to "Little Red Riding Hood"
Bowen's disease and squamous cell carcinoma. Occurrence in a patient with psoriasis after topical, systemic, and PUVA therapy
Papular mucinosis in chronic psoriatic erythroderma. Report of a case
Localized cicatricial pemphigoid of the Brunsting-Perry type with transition into disseminated cicatricial pemphigoid. Report of a case proved by preembedding immunogold electron microscopy
Case for diagnosis: l. Scleredma adultorum 2. ?Scleromyxedema 3. ?Dermatomyositis
Lymphadenoid structure induced by gold hypersensitivity
Treatment of minocycline-induced hyperpigmentation with the Q-switched ruby laser
Eye color in darkly pigmented basal-cell carcinomas and malignant melanomas. An aid in their clinical differentiation
Hand-Schuller-Christian disease in a septuagenarian
Quantitative evaluation of muscle weakness in scleroderma patients using magnetic resonance imaging and spectroscopy
Topical antibiotic treatment of impetigo with mupirocin
Xanthomatosis and lymphedema
Nodular lesions on fingertips. Diagnosis: cutaneous sarcoidosis
Acute onycholysis from rust-removing agents
Transepithelial elimination of cutaneous chromomycosis
Congenital onychodysplasia of the index fingers
Lindane
The nails in keratosis lichenoides chronica. Characteristics and response to treatment
Idiopathic guttate hypomelanosis. Ultrastructural study
Basal cell carcinoma with annular leukoderma mimicking leukoderma acquisitum centrifugum
Two asymptomatic plaques on the chest of a young woman. Plaque-like cutaneous mucinosis (PCM)
Radiation lentigo. A distinct cutaneous lesion after accidental radiation exposure
Human Rabies Resistance
Feasibility of Microvascular Head and Neck Reconstruction in the Setting of Calcified Arteriosclerosis of the Vascular Pedicle
Distinct subtypes of subcutaneous T-cell lymphoma
Rhabdomyosarcoma presenting as a cutaneous nodule
Acne fulminans associated with inflammatory bowel disease. Report of a case
Cutaneous Pneumocystis carinii infection in patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Cysteine ameliorates photosensitivity in erythropoietic protoporphyria
Intralesional bleomycin for acquired immunodeficiency syndrome-associated cutaneous Kaposi's sarcoma
Letter: Generalized perforating granuloma annulare
Effects of trimeprazine and trimipramine on nocturnal scratching in patients with atopic eczema
Anthralin minute entire skin treatment: a follow-up and comparison with methoxsalen plus ultraviolet light
Suramin-induced skin reactions
Comparative safety of tetracycline, minocycline, and doxycycline
Erythematous auricular papules. Angiolymphoid hyperplasia with eosinophilia
Lafora's disease. The role of skin biopsy
Necrolytic migratory erythema. Distinctive dermatosis of the glucagonoma syndrome
Letter: Photosensitive lichenoid eruption associated with demeclocycline
Lichen-planus-like keratosis
Thalidomide neurotoxicity
Treatment of pattern baldness with fiber implantation
Healthcare and Lifestyle Practices of Healthcare Workers: Do Healthcare Workers Practice What They Preach?
Mechanism of the antiperspirant effect of topical glutaraldehyde
Cutaneous crystalline deposits in myeloma
Tuberous sclerosis. The persistent challenge of clinical diagnosis
Progressive zosteriform macular pigmented lesions
Multiple blue papules. Hereditary glomangiomas
Diet and Pemphigus
Acute, eruptive Darier disease (keratosis follicularis)
Scanning electron microscopy of normal and abnormal hair shafts
Fever and painful plaques on the face, back, and extremities. Acute febrile neutrophilic dermatosis (Sweet's syndrome)
Fanconi's anemia. Tumor-like warts, hyperpigmentation associated with deranged keratinocytes, and depressed cell-mediated immunity
Carrots and photodermatitis
Nike training shoe dermatitis
Vulval epidermoid cysts in the Igbos of Nigeria
Red Nodule on the Forearm of an HIV-Positive Man
Alternate-day prednisone therapy for pemphigus vulgaris. Preliminary report
Toxin of Mycobacterium ulcerans. Production and effects in guinea pig skin
Carcinoma occurring in rhinophyma
A Comparison of Care at E-visits and Physician Office Visits for Sinusitis and Urinary Tract Infection
The effect of the ice age on skin color
Attacks in Greece
Friction dermatitis of the thumbs caused by pantyhose
Mucocutaneous lymph node syndrome
Disseminated spiked hyperkeratosis. An unusual discrete nonfollicular keratinization disorder
Lack of evidence of any association between human herpesvirus 8 and various skin tumors from both immunocompetent and immunosuppressed patients
A child with hair loss. Pili torti, apparently unassociated with other abnormalities
Persistent dye staining of the skin
Nevus unius lateris
Contamination risks associated with electrosurgery
Albert Kligman--master of dermatology
Asymptomatic erythematous papules in a leukemic patient. Neutrophilic eccrine hidradenitis
Chronic bullous dermatosis of childhood
Benign chronic bullous dermatosis of childhood. Linear IgA and C3 deposition on the basement membrane
Letter: Telogen effluvium secondary to starvation diet
Hypopigmentation with punctate keratosis of the palms and soles
Nodular secondary syphilis
Histoplasma panniculitis
The glucagonoma syndrome. A distinctive cutaneous marker of systemic disease
Photocontact allergy to benzocaine
Herpes gestationis
Use of Information Technology in the Examination Room
Twenty-nail dystrophy: a hypothesis
Inflammatory metastatic carcinoma of the breast
Triad of lichen planus, myasthenia gravis, and thymoma
Topical calcipotriol for treatment of inflammatory linear verrucous epidermal nevus
IgM autoantibodies to 180- and 230- to 240-kd human epidermal proteins in pregnancy
Dichlorophene (G-4) allergy
Dermal lipofuscinosis associated with amiodarone therapy. Report of a case
Multiple clear cell acanthoma
Calf ulcer in an immunocompromised host. Cryptococcosis
Acantholysis: a feature of acrodermatitis enteropathica
Juvenile pemphigus vulgaris
Sebaceous adenoma in a patient with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Seasonal trichorrhexis nodosa. Role of cumulative damage in frayed hair
Sebaceous carcinoma of the skin with visceral metastases
Long-term use of cyclosporine in dermatology
Malignant hepatoma associated with acquired hepatic cutaneous porphyria
Safety of megadosage haloprogin
Dermatologic features of the superior vena cava syndrome
Effects of tretinoin on photodamaged skin. A histologic study
Pseudoepitheliomatous, keratotic, and micaceous balanitis
Photodynamic therapy for the treatment of basal cell carcinoma
Letter: Gold vasculitis
Reproducible measurements to quantify cutaneous involvement in scleroderma
Talc deposition in skin and tissues surrounding silicone gel-containing prosthetic devices
Prospective Evaluation of Point-of-Care Ultrasonography for the Diagnosis of Pneumonia in Children and Young Adults
Acute graft-vs-host disease in an immunodeficient newborn possibly due to cytomegalovirus infection
Facial granuloma in a patient treated with clofazimine
Subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus in a patient with inherited deficiency of the third component of complement
Panniculitis in connective tissue disease
Dependence of corticosteroid penetration on the vehicle
Suppressor cell number and function in alopecia areata
Folliculitis decalvans
Childhood pemphigus initially seen as eosinophilic spongiosis
The pathogenesis of chronic idiopathic urticaria
Patterns of cutaneous metastasis
Stewart-Treves syndrome (postmastectomy lymphangiosarcoma)
Changes in clinical features, histologic findings, and antigen profiles with development of pemphigus foliaceus from pemphigus vulgaris
Ultraviolet phototherapy and photochemotherapy of acne vulgaris
Pathology quiz case 1. Colloid milia
Pretibial myxedema and nonthyrotoxic thyroid disease
Cutaneous plasmacytomas in myeloma. Relationship to tumor cell burden
Malignant transformation of eccrine spiradenoma
Quantitative assessment of alcohol-provoked flushing
A new sexually transmitted disease or an old disease uncovered?
UV-B-energy distribution in phototherapy equipment
Genital herpes. A pervasive psychosocial disorder
Pemphigus vulgaris with a high titer of antinuclear antibodies
Letter: Topically applied erythromycin in rosacea
Familial juvenile generalized pustular psoriasis
Ciliated plantar cyst
Tuberculosis verrucosa cutis. (Prosector's wart)
Granuloma faciale
Monoclonal gammopathy penicillamine-induced polymyositis and systemic sclerosis
Cytogenetic evaluation of methotrexate-treated psoriatic patients
Opportunistic cutaneous myiasis
No Place for Novel Oral Anticoagulants in Current Treatment of Acute Coronary Syndromes
Tinea capitis in the New York City area
Concurrent eosinophilic fasciitis and cutaneous T-cell lymphoma. Eosinophilic fasciitis as a paraneoplastic syndrome of T-cell malignant neoplasms?
Halo around a histiocytoma
Anonychia with ectrodactyly
Evaluation of the efficacy of topical bufexamac in epidermolysis bullosa simplex. A double-blind placebo-controlled crossover trial
Relief of intractable pruritus with naloxone
I (Inclusion) cell disease, Leroy's syndrome (arly alveolar ridge hypertrophy, joint limitation, thick, tight skin in early infancy)
Relationship of lumbosacral nevocytic nevi to sun exposure in dysplastic nevus syndrome
Neonatal pemphigus foliaceus
Elastosis perforans serpiginosa. Two cases involving the ear
Deep penetrating nevus
Multiple ulcers in an elderly man. Necrotizing erythema nodosum leprosum (ENL) (necrotizing ENL)
Adverse systemic reaction to dinitrochlorobenzene
The histiocyte. In memoriam
Complement-fixing intercellular antibodies
Hydroa vacciniforme: diagnosis and therapy
Neutrophil chemotaxis in patients with acne receiving oral tetracycline therapy
Umbilical nodule. Metastatic adenocarcinoma (Sister Mary Joseph nodule)
Treatment of cutaneous leishmaniasis with itraconazole. Randomized double-blind study
Comparison of Ustekinumab With Other Biological Agents for the Treatment of Moderate to Severe Plaque Psoriasis
Hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia with cerebrovascular malformations
Salicylanilide photosensitivity
Genetic susceptibility to toxic epidermal necrolysis
Subungual keratoacanthoma
Acrodermatitis perstans. Generalization following therapy with nystatin
Leser-Trelat associated with acute leukemia
Profitability of a university-based clinic using benchmark time lengths for clinical encounters
Acquired diffuse keratoderma of the palms and soles with bronchial carcinoma: report of a case and review of the literature
Etretinate for the treatment of lichen amyloidosis
Paraben allergy, a case of intractable dermatitis
Acneform eruption resulting from antibiotic administration
The labial-ala transposition flap
Intercellular IgA dermatosis of childhood. Selective deposition of monomer IgA1 in the intercellular space of the epidermis
Carcinoma cuniculatum of the hand
Risk of the "Androgen Deprivation Syndrome" in Men Receiving Androgen Deprivation for Prostate Cancer
Cutaneous Malacoplakia in a Patient With the Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome
Phaeomycotic cyst. A case with a lesion containing a wooden splinter
Multiple Subcutaneous Nodules on the Torso and Leg
Port-wine stains. A disease of altered neural modulation of blood vessels?
PUVA-bath photochemotherapy of lichen planus
Hydantoin-induced cutaneous pseudolymphoma with clinical, pathologic, and immunologic aspects of Sezary syndrome
Psoralens. New formulation! Better formulation?
T-cell subset assay. A useful differentiating marker of atopic and seborrheic eczema in infancy?
Pemphigoid and cancer
Consort contact dermatitis due to oak moss
Letter: Banded structure in cellular blue nevus
Daily psoralen therapy in vitiligo
Coalescing violaceous plaques forming leonine facies. Lymphocytoma cutis (pseudolymphoma)
Serum IgE in dermatitis and dermatosis: an analysis of 497 cases
Hepatoerythropoietic porphyria
Malignant transformation in giant congenital pigmented nevus. Death in early childhood
Fluorouracil paste treatment of thin basal cell carcinomas
Red nodules in an infant. Subcutaneous fat necrosis
Blistering eruption in healthy newborns. Case 3. Epidermolysis bullosa dystrophica
Sezary's syndrome and human immunodeficiency virus infection
Atopic dermatitis exacerbated by inhalant allergens
Letter: Photosensitivity testing of new products
Safety of over-the-counter hydroquinone bleaching creams
Yellow nails. A report of six cases
Localized chronic pemphigoid of Brunsting-Perry. Ultrastructural localization of IgG and complement components
A 62-Year-Old Man With Fluctuating Neurological Deficits and Skin Lesions
Successful treatment of parapsoriasis en plaques with 2-4-dinitrochlorobenzene
Functional analyses of the stratum corneum in scars. Sequential studies after injury and comparison among keloids, hypertrophic scars, and atrophic scars
Pursuit of the pits in the nevoid basal cell carcinoma syndrome
Disseminated granuloma faciale
Endometrial adenocarcinoma metastatic to the scalp
Eosinophilic cellulitis. (Well's syndrome) in a child
Mechanism-oriented assessment of isotretinoin in chronic or subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus
Dietary management of dermatitis herpetiformis
Microscopically controlled surgery for extramammary Paget's disease
Lack of delayed reaction in presence of cell-mediated immunity in trichophytin hypersensitivity
Nasopharyngeal cardcinoma associated with long-term arsenic ingestion
Systemic scleroderma
Toxicodendron antigen patch test. Degrees of inflammation observed after various time intervals
Direct scanning electron microscopy of human skin
Chronic herpes simplex infection in cutaneous T-cell lymphomas
Acroatrophy secondary to long-standing applications of topical steroids
Suppressor cell dysfunction and necrotizing lesions in a child
A cutaneous sign of IgA-associated small dermal vessel leukocytoclastic vasculitis in adults (Henoch-Schonlein purpura)
Characterization of cellular elements in healed cultured keratinocyte autografts used to cover burn wounds
Pilonidal cysts of the scalp
Increased levels of fecal protoporphyrin and guaiac testing
Acquired syphilis in early childhood
Hexachlorophene-not a cry of "wolf"
Letters to the editor: Keratoacanthoma treated with methotrexate
Immunofluorescence microscopic studies of recurrent aphthous stomatitis
Multiple Pink Papules With White, Depressed Centers
Correlation of serum and urinary porphyrin levels in porphyria cutanea tarda
Porokeratosis of Mibelli
Lupus erythematosus and lupus vulgaris
Apocrine hidrocystoma of the shoulder
Keratosis lichenoides chronica. Possible variant of lichen planus
Skin pigmentation secondary to minocycline therapy
Sebaceous nevus and keratoacanthoma
Hyperbaric oxygen therapy for pyoderma gangrenosum
Mucopolysaccharidosis II (Hunter's syndrome)
Shoe boot pernio
Esterified Estrogen and Conjugated Equine Estrogen and the Risk of Incident Myocardial Infarction and Stroke
Nature of skin fragility in patients receiving retinoids for systemic effect
The treatment of mycosis fungoides with ointment-based mechlorethamine
Accuracy of dermatologic diagnosis by television
Infection in the immunocompromised host
Localized vulvar pemphigoid in a child misdiagnosed as sexual abuse
A family outbreak of oral accidental vaccinia
Contact dermatitis from animal feed additives
The Cochrane Skin Group
Leishmaniasis: a case history and treatment failure with rifampin
Oral isotretinoin therapy. Use in a patient with multiple cutaneous squamous cell carcinomas and keratoacanthomas
Acanthosis nigricans
Unusual variant of lupus erythematosus or lichen planus. Clinical, histopathologic, and immunofluorescent studies
Disseminated hypopigmented keratoses
Acrodermatitis chronica atrophicans
bcl-2 vs p53 protein expression and apoptotic rate in human nonmelanoma skin cancers
Healing of port-wine stains after argon laser therapy
Cosmetics and the FDA
Chronic actinic dermatitis. An analysis of 51 patients evaluated in the United States and Japan
Treatment of pemphigus vulgaris. Results obtained in 84 patients between 1961 and 1982
Studies in bullous diseases. Treatment of pemphigus vulgaris with immunosuppressives (steroids and methotrexate) and leucovorin calcium
Eosinophilic infiltrates in epidermolysis bullosa
Significance of DNA ploidy in cutaneous lesions
Histological variations in lesions of psoriasis
Nocardia asteroides infection with dissemination to skin and joints
Sporadic Jakob-Creutzfeldt Disease Presenting as Primary Progressive Aphasia
Porphyrin sensitized phototherapy
Milker's nodule. A clinical and electron microscopic report
Delayed-type hypersensitivity after subcutaneous administration of amide anesthetic
Oral pemphigus vulgaris. A report of ten cases
Lichenoid secondary syphilis
Pemphigus vulgaris. Superior sensitivity of monkey esophagus in the determination of pemphigus antibody
Surgical treatment of familial benign chronic pemphigus
Transient acantholytic dermatosis associated with pemphigus foliaceus. Coexistence of two acantholytic diseases
Cutaneous drug reactions in human immunodeficiency virus infection
Contact dermatitis from cyanide plating solutions
Cutaneous eruptions during GM-CSF infusion. Clues for cytokine biology
Tinea corporis resembling dermatophyte colonies on Sabouraud's agar in a patient with the human immunodeficiency virus
Papulonecrotic tuberculid secondary to Mycobacterium bovis
Magnetic resonance imaging in the evaluation of lymphangioma circumscriptum
Letter: Hypochromic nevus: the inheritance question
Dermal myiasis: the porcine lipid cure
Viability assessment by dye exclusion. A fluorescent method for fungal cells
Erythema multiforme. Should anyone care about the standards of care?
Successful treatment of a generalized human papillomavirus infection with granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor and interferon gamma immunotherapy in a patient with a primary immunodeficiency and cyclic neutropenia
Gluconate zinc in acrodermatitis enteropathica
Cutaneous lesions in acroosteolysis
Primary cutaneous aspergillosis near central venous catheters in patients with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Reddish-brown macules with telangiectasia and pruritus. Urticaria pigmentosa-telangiectasia macularis eruptiva perstans (TMEP) variant, with systemic mastocytosis
Transdermal nicotine suppresses cutaneous inflammation
Two brothers with ichthyosis congenita with thymic involution
Primary Open-Angle Glaucoma vs Normal-Tension Glaucoma
Topical minoxidil. A survey of use and complications
C2 deficient systemic lupus erythematosus: its association with anti-Ro (SSA) antibodies
The American Academy of Dermatology patch test tray. The work in progress of a study section
Complex Cystic Lesions in the Liver Causing Abdominal Pain
Extramammary Paget's disease of the perianal and perineal regions. Evidence of apocrine derivation
Generalized Atrophic Benign Epidermolysis Bullosa in 2 Siblings Complicated by Multiple Squamous Cell Carcinomas
Malignant melanoma of unknown origin presenting as a systemic vasculitis
Chancres in syphilis
Hemangiosarcoma in chronic leg ulcer
Human papillomavirus type 60-associated plantar wart. Ridged wart
Xanthogranuloma in adults
Fanconi-like syndrome. Immunologic deficiency, pancytopenia, and cutaneous malignancies
Autoimmunity and vitiligo
Cutaneous lesions of lupus erythematosus induced by monochromatic light
Poison oak hyposensitization. Evaluation of purified urushiol
Woronoff's ring in Goeckerman treatment of psoriasis
Osler node, Janeway lesions, and splinter hemorrhages
Tissue and blood T-lymphocyte subpopulations in erythema nodosum leprosum
Herpes gestationis associated with the C3 nephritic factor
Alternative therapies for cutaneous disorders
Hereditary painful callosities
Plasma cell dyscrasia (monoclonal gammopathy) associated with diffuse normolipemic plane xanthomatosis; basal-cell epitheliomatosis
Wrinkling due to middermal elastolysis. Report of a case and review of the literature
Overcoming the Pricing Power of Hospitals
Sarcoptes scabiei in histopathologic sections of skin in human scabies
Hypopigmentation in alopecia mucinosa
The culprit drugs in 87 cases of toxic epidermal necrolysis (Lyell's syndrome)
Systemic plasmacytosis. A syndrome of peculiar multiple skin eruptions, generalized lymphadenopathy, and polyclonal hypergammaglobulinemia
The mutagenicity of dinitrochlorobenzene
Giant pigment granules in biopsy specimens from cafe au lait spots in neurofibromatosis
Accessory tonsils
Topical mechlorethamine therapy for mycosis fungoides. Proposed schedule to overcome drug resistance
Kaposi's sarcoma in kidney transplant recipients
Ultrastructural study of basal cell carcinoma and its variants with comments on histogenesis
Isoproterenol-sensitive adenyl cyclase in a particulate fraction of epidermis
Atypical erysipelas caused by group G streptococci in a patient with cured Hodgkin's disease
Definition of Acute Respiratory Distress Syndrome—Reply
Sporotrichosis masquerading as pyoderma gangrenosum
Electron microscopic study of reticulohistiocytoma. An unusual case of congenital, self-healing reticulohistiocytosis
Photosensitivity to desoximetasone emollient cream
Toxic erythema of palms and soles associated with high-dose mercaptopurine chemotherapy
Acne and serum androgens during puberty
New lesions of mycosis fungoides following a suction blister investigation
Acanthosis nigricans developing in resolving lesions of pemphigus vulgaris
Raynaud's phenomenon secondary to weever fish stings
Pyoderma gangrenosum vs malignant pyoderma. Lumpers vs splitters
Increased frequency of HL-A10 in pemphigus vulgaris
Atypical melanocytic tumors in children
Idiopathic Recurrent Palmoplantar Hidradenitis in Children
Bowenoid papulosis. Presence of human papillomavirus (HPV) structural antigens and of HPV 16-related DNA sequences
Double-blind trial of 1% clotrimazole cream and Whitfield ointment in the treatment of pityriasis versicolor
Autoantibodies and their clinical significance in a black vitiligo population
Cutaneous manifestations of lightning injury
Possible association between malignant melanoma and breast cancer
Mycobacterium tuberculosis DNA in papulonecrotic tuberculid
Immunologic abnormalities associated with primary anetoderma
Psychodermatology. Practical guidelines on pharmacotherapy
Lithium compound treatment and psoriasis
Serum factors in delayed hypersensitivity
Glucose tolerance in pustulosis palmaris et plantaris
Macular amyloidosis
Acne and acne care. A trend survey
Ulcerative sarcoidosis. Case report and review of the literature
The role of carrier in sensitivity to chromium and cobalt
Allergic contact sensitivity to thiuram compounds in a hemodialysis unit
Failure to induce tolerance to mechlorethamine hydrochloride
Clinical differentiation of adult-onset cavernous angioma from nodular malignant melanoma
Colchicine. New uses of an old, old drug
Contact dermatitis to chrysanthemums
Epidermolysis bullosa acquisita in childhood. Differentiation from hereditary epidermolysis bullosa
Scaly papules with atrophy. Degos' disease or malignant atrophic papulosis
Analysis of 54 cases of hypopigmentation and hyperpigmentation along the lines of Blaschko
Cystic chromomycosis due to Wangiella dermatitidis
Nail dystrophy. Systemic amyloidosis presenting with nail dystrophy
Oral insertable prosthetic device as an aid in treating oral ulcers
Linear IgA bullous dermatosis. Characterization of a subset of patients with concurrent IgA and IgG anti-basement membrane autoantibodies
Keratinization in the harlequin fetus
Cigarette smoking and inflammatory skin disease. The good and the bad
The Utility of a Portable Video Player in Wart Removal—Reply
Mycosis fungoides. Small-bowel involvement complicated by perforation and peritonitis
Genetic skin diseases with altered aging
Adrenergic control of melanocytes
Apocrine hidrocystoma of the right scapula
Systemic absorption of topical clindamycin
Parathyroidectomy, Elevated Depression Scores, and Suicidal Ideation in Patients With Primary Hyperparathyroidism
A hypothesis incorporating the histologic characteristics of dysplastic nevi into the normal biological development of melanocytic nevi
Hot tub-associated dermatitis due to Pseudomonas aeruginosa. Case report and review of the literature
Comparison of the clinical informativeness of photographs and digital imaging media with multiple-choice receiver operating characteristic analysis
Pathology quiz case 1. Pilar tumor of the scalp (proliferating trichilemmal cyst)
Chronic progressive ulcerative dermatitis
Pilomatrixoma (pilomatricoma, calcifying epithelioma of Malherbe)
The Partnership Access Line
Actinomycetoma caused by Nocardiopsis dassonvillei
Asymptomatic nodules on the chest. Cutaneous sinus histiocytosis (CSH) (cutaneous Rosai-Dorfman disease)
Allergic contact dermatitis to white pine sawdust
Acquired localized hypertrichosis
Metastatic ductal carcinoma of the parotid gland in a patient with sarcoidosis
Histiocytosis X
Schwannomatosis. An unusual variant of neurofibromatosis or a distinct clinical entity?
Lipid peroxides and superoxide dismutase activity in trichophyte lesions
Absence of human T-cell lymphotropic virus genomic determinants in canine mycosis fungoides
Adenolymphoma of the sweat gland
Primary cutaneous cryptococcosis in a patient with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Measurement of impairment and disability in dermatology
Archives of Dermatology. Second century
For the record: the history of precursors to malignant melanoma
Lichen sclerosus et atrophicus involving the palms
"Pyoderma (ecthyma) gangrenosum" by Brunsting, Goeckerman and O'Leary, October 1930. Commentary: Pyoderma gangrenosum
Multiple hamartoma syndrome with endometrial carcinoma and the sign of Leser-Trelat
Topical heat therapy for cutaneous chromomycosis
Photosensitivity from occlusion
Cimetidine therapy for recalcitrant warts in adults
Incidence of Stevens-Johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis in patients with the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome in Germany
Generalized cutaneous B-cell pseudolymphoma induced by neuroleptics
Biphasic amyloidosis: link between macular and lichenoid forms
Papular xanthoma. A clinical, histologic, and ultrastructural study
Beyond Complementary and Allopathic Medicine
Dermatitis of hands and feet associated with intestinal malabsorption in B.itish service families in Singapore
Topical antibiotics for acne vulgaris. Current usage
Papuloerythroderma. Another case of a new disease
Pseudomonas botryomycosis
Sympathetic symmetric punctate leukonychia. Three cases
Necrotizing sialometaplasia. A condition simulating malignancy
Polymorphous light eruption. A seven-year follow-up evaluation of 114 patients
Pustular contact hypersensitivity to fluorouracil with rosacealike sequelae
Changes in cutaneous Kaposi's sarcoma in a patient infected with the human immunodeficiency virus: follow-up to a controlled hyperimmunization trial
A lichenoid eruption induced by penicillamine
Effects of emollients on ultraviolet-radiation-induced erythema of the skin
Letter: Eruptive nevi
Topical prevention of poison ivy/oak dermatitis
Treatment of eczema herpeticum with vidarabine
Safety of long-term tetracycline therapy for acne
Localized indurated brown plaques on arms and right buttock. Pentazocine-induced morphea
Scleredema of Buschke Successfully Treated With Electron Beam Therapy
Treatment of a Nocardia brasiliensis mycetoma with sulfamethoxazole and trimethoprim, amikacin, and amoxicillin and clavulanate
Hairy cutaneous malformations of palms and soles. A hereditary condition
Chronic acneiform eruption with crateriform scars. Acne necrotica (varioliformis) (necrotizing lymphocytic folliculitis)
Unilateral nevoid telangiectatic syndrome. The role of estrogen and progesterone receptors
Reliability testing of the dermatology index of disease severity (DIDS). An index for staging the severity of cutaneous inflammatory disease
Kindler syndrome. Clinical and ultrastructural findings
Kaposi's varicelliform eruption with ocular involvement
Alopecia areata. Autoreactive T cells are variably enriched in scalp lesions relative to peripheral blood
Menkes' syndrome (kinky hair disease) [proceedings]
Verrucous carcinoma of the face
Electromyography in Children's Laryngeal Mobility Disorders
Familial benign chronic pemphigus (Hailey-Hailey disease). Treatment with carbon dioxide laser vaporization
Surgical therapy for basal cell epitheliomas by curettage only
Quantitative enhancement of dinitrochlorobenzene responsivity in women receiving oral contraceptives
Potential hazards of clindamycin in acne therapy
Chronic zosteriform eruption of the lower extremity. Lymphangioma circumscriptum (LC), localized form
Agricultural Subsidies
Hair destroying growth of Corynebacterium tenuis in the so-called trichomycosis axillaris. New findings from scanning electron microscopy
Skin peeling syndrome in a Kurdish family
Mycosis fungoides with pulmonary involvement. A complete remission
Psoriasis as a possible defect of the adenyl cyclase-cyclic AMP cascade. A defective chalone mechanism?
Acral hyperkeratosis with erythroderma. Norwegian scabies
Drug samples. A conflict of interest?
Microbial flora of atopic dermatitis
Palmar and plantar pustulosis elicited by Candida antigen
Pentoxifylline (Trental) therapy for vasculitis of pityriasis lichenoides et varioliformis
Frequency of dysplastic nevi among nevomelanocytic lesions submitted for histopathologic examination. Time trends over a 37-year period
Initial rate of healing predicts complete healing of venous ulcers
Angiosarcoma of the nose
Cave-associated histoplasmosis--Costa Rica
Gold in the dermis following gold therapy for rheumatoid arthritis
Apocrine cystadenoma in a child
Familial urticaria pigmentosa
Eosinophilic pustular folliculitis (Ofuji's disease) with response to dapsone therapy
Commencement '97
Sunscreen application and its importance for the sun protection factor
Langerhans' cells in skin tumors
Unilateral segmental hyperhidrosis. Response to 20% aluminum chloride solution and plastic wrap
Thrombosed varix of oral cavity
Familial benign chronic pemphigus of perianal skin
Topical steroids and patch tests
Transient porphyrinemia in a liver transplant recipient
Measurement of eumelanin precursor metabolites in the urine as a new marker for melanoma metastases
There Is Nothing Personal—Reply
Risk reduction for nonmelanoma skin cancer with childhood sunscreen use
Colchicine in the treatment of cutaneous leukocytoclastic vasculitis. Results of a prospective, randomized controlled trial
Risk-Reducing Salpingo-oophorectomy and Ovarian Cancer Screening in 1077 Women After BRCA Testing
Generalized morphea. I. Histology of the dermis and subcutaneous tissue
Cross-reactivity in fixed drug eruptions to tetracyclines
Erythema nodosum and Q fever
The relationship between postnatal skin maturation and electrical skin impedance
Serum lipoprotein deficiency in diffuse "normolipemic" plane xanthoma
Spontaneous regression in Merkel cell (neuroendocrine) carcinoma of the skin
BCG immunoprophylaxis of recurrent herpes progenitalis
Plasma and skin carriers for natural and synthetic retinoids
Adrenal axis suppression caused by a small dose of a potent topical corticosteroid
Normolipemic eruptive cutaneous xanthomatosis
Factitial leg ulcers
Are dermatologists greedy?
Proceedings: Epidermolytic hyperkeratosis
Is Hypertension Overtreatment a Silent Epidemic?—Reply
Severe pemphigus foliaceus treated with extracorporeal photochemotherapy
Plasmapheresis in a patient with scleromyxedema
Cutaneous sporotrichosis
Netherton's syndrome and ichthyosis linearis circumflexa
Mal de Meleda treated with 13-cis retinoic acid
Hyperinfection with Strongyloides during treatment of pemphigus vulgaris
Favre-Racouchot syndrome. A combined therapeutic approach
Behavior modification obtained by sun protection education coupled with removal of a skin cancer
Positive fluorescent treponemal antibody absorption test in cerebrospinal fluid of nonsyphilitic persons infected with human immunodeficiency virus
Erythema annulare centrifugum associated with liver disease
Moderate Renal Impairment and Risk of Bleeding With Anticoagulation
Lichen planus: significant premalignant potential?
Frequency of application on percutaneous absorption of hydrocortisone
Analysis of 250 consecutively evaluated cases of workers' disability claims for dermatitis
Resistant psoriasis. Combined methoxsalen-anthralin therapy
Association of stomatitis and paronychias due to herpes simplex
Kidney Transplant Chains Amplify Benefit of Nondirected Donors
Ruling out the diagnosis
Cutaneous ulcers in sarcoidosis
Forehead ulcer in a homosexual man. Cryptococcosis
Sensitivity and Specificity of the AdenoPlus Test for Diagnosing Adenoviral Conjunctivitis
The skin in the Winchester syndrome
Hyperlactatemia associated with pustular psoriasis and leukocytosis
Is dermatology slipping into its anec-dotage?
Potential of Pretreatment Neural Activity in the Visual Cortex During Emotional Processing to Predict Treatment Response to Scopolamine in Major Depressive Disorder
Contact dermatitis due to nystatin
Usefulness of screening investigations in neurofibromatosis type 1. A study of 152 patients
Keratoacanthoma centrifugum marginatum
Letter: Post-herpes zoster neuralgia: response to vitamin E therapy
Identification of Borrelia afzelii in a juxta-articular fibroid nodule from a human immunodeficiency virus-positive patient with acrodermatitis chronica atrophicans
Contact urticaria, contact dermatitis, and asthma from cockroaches
Fibroblastic rheumatism
Sebaceous gland suppression with ethinyl estradiol and diethylstilbestrol
Hair growth induction by ultraviolet radiation in the marsupial Monodelphis domestica
Pilomatricoma with melanocytic hyperplasia: an uncommon occurrence and a diagnostic pitfall
Leukoedema, reactive hyperkeratosis, or cheek biting
Videomicroscopy predicts outcome in treatment of port-wine stains
The role of depilation and deodorants in hidradenitis suppurativa
Cycloheximide as an alternative to the use of fluorouracil for actinic keratosis
Remarks on further properties of formalin pigment
Dermatome shaving in the treatment of xeroderma pigmentosum
A solitary pigmented tumor of the face. Apocrine hidrocystoma
Bypass phrynoderma. Vitamin A deficiency associated with bowel-bypass surgery
A Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Comparison of Oral Valacyclovir and Acyclovir in Immunocompetent Patients With Recurrent Genital Herpes Infections
Dermatitis herpetiformis and celiac disease associated with Addison's disease
Treatment of chromomycosis with oral high-dose amphotericin B
Phototherapy for primary biliary cirrhosis
Cutaneous strongyloidiasis: larva currens
Ultraviolet irradiation-induced inflammation: effects of steroid and nonsteroid anti-inflammatory agents
Amoxapine: a cause of toxic epidermal necrolysis?
Persistent flat-topped papules on the extremities. Acrokeratosis verruciformis (AKV) of Hopf
Pathogenesis of solar urticaria. Sweat droplet in testing for photosensitivity
Treatment of morphea-type basal cell carcinomas with radiation therapy
The diagnosis of malignant melanoma in situ
The epidemiology of work-related skin disease in South Carolina
Immunosuppressants and prednisone in pemphigus vulgaris: therapeutic results obtained in 63 patients between 1961 and 1975
Dermatitis herpetiformis bodies. Ultrastructural study on the skin of patients using direct preembedding immunogold labeling
Expression of p53 protein is an early event in ultraviolet light-induced cutaneous squamous cell carcinogenesis
Treatment of palmoplantar psoriasis with topical methoxsalen plus long-wave ultraviolet light
Familial bullous pemphigoid
Etretinate therapy for generalized pustular psoriasis in children
Ulcerative lichen planus. Follow-up of surgical excision and grafting
Irritation by hydrophilic ointment under occlusion
Molluscum dermatitis
Coexistent primary ocular and cutaneous melanoma
Treatment of pretibial mucinosis with gradient pneumatic compression
p53 oncoprotein expression in cutaneous lymphoproliferations
Primary cutaneous plasmacytoma. Report of a case and review of the literature
Multiple glomus tumors (cavernous type)
Melanoma resembling spindle and epithelioid cell nevus
Hidrotic ectodermal dysplasia with diffuse eccrine syringofibroadenomatosis
Histologic evaluation of nail clippings for diagnosing onychomycosis
Actinic reticuloid
Oral nystatin in the treatment of psoriasis
Painful plantar callouses and mental retardation. Tyrosinemia type II
Unilateral blepharochalasis
Treatment of vitiligo with topical methoxsalen and blacklite
Bitemporal aplasia cutis congenita. Occurrence with other cutaneous abnormalities
Coexistence of spherulocytic disease (myospherulosis) and membranocystic degeneration
Treatment of psoriasis with piritrexim, a lipid-soluble folate antagonist
Lichen aureus
Papular umbilicated granuloma annulare. A report of four pediatric cases
Maculopapular rash in a patient with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome. Disseminated histoplasmosis in acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS)
Estrogen receptors and the response to sex hormones in angiolymphoid hyperplasia with eosinophilia
Letter: Treatment of plantar warts with bleomycin
Positive cutaneous immunofluorescence in Grover's disease
Autosomal recessive epidermolysis bullosa simplex. Generalized phenotypic features suggestive of junctional or dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa, and association with neuromuscular diseases
Efficacy of low-dose cyclosporine in severe atopic skin disease
Normal-mode ruby laser for treating congenital nevi
Avian aesthetics. Brightness is for the birds
Perianal vesiculopustular eruption associated with Hong Kong influenza
Laser treatment of basal cell epithelioma injected with magnetic iron particles
Physiatrics for deforming linear scleroderma
Telephone vs Face-to-Face Cognitive Behavioral Therapy for Depression
'Pocket-warmer' therapy of chromomycosis ]letter]
Linear IgA bullous dermatosis v dermatitis herpetiformis. Quantitative measurements of dermoepidermal alterations
Dermatobia hominis dermal myiasis. A furuncular lesion in a world traveler
Multiple erythematous papules in both axillae. Syringomas
Febrile ulceronecrotic Mucha-Habermann's disease
Human papillomavirus type 16 in a homosexual man. Association with perianal carcinoma in situ and condyloma acuminatum
Dermatologic radiotherapy. The risk-benefit ratio
Beta adrenergic stimulation of endogenous epidermal cyclic AMP formation
Antibiotic prophylaxis of wound infections in skin surgery. Is 4 days too much?
Significance of squamous cell carcinoma (SCC)-related antigens in cutaneous SCC. A preliminary report
The diagnostic challenge of diabetic hands
The Wu Li Masters dance with fibronectin
Cutaneous polyarteritis nodosa. Reports of two cases in children and review of the literature
Keratoacanthoma in Kauai, Hawaii. The first documented incidence in a defined population
Immunohistochemical demonstration of simple epithelia-type keratin intermediate filament in a case of Merkel cell carcinoma
Subcutaneous fat necrosis of the newborn
Etretinate. Appropriate use in severe psoriasis
Fatal malignant melanoma associated with a completely regressed primary melanoma in a patient with cutaneous T-cell lymphoma
Localized scleroderma with cutaneous calcinosis. A distinctive variant
The development of green vision in association with terbinafine therapy
Papular acrodermatitis of childhood and hepatitis B infection
Aggressive-growth basal cell carcinoma in young adults
Oral ingestion of potassium permanganate or aluminum acetate in two patients
Scleredema adultorum
Further observations on two unusual complications of topical fluorouracil therapy
Halo nevi and the Vogt-Koyanagi-Harada syndrome. Manifestations of vitiligo
"Multiple benign sarkoid of the skin" by Boeck, December 1899. Commentary: What begot Boeck?
Multiple keratoacanthomas on upper extremities [proceedings]
Possible lichen sclerosus et atrophicus
International Society of Tropical Dermatology
Halo congenital nevus
Multiple glomus tumors of the skin
Failure of rifampin therapy to cure cutaneous leishmaniais
Trimethylpsoralen Bath PUVA Is a Remittive Treatment for Psoriasis Vulgaris
Reticulate acropigmentation of Kitamura
Outcomes of Adenotonsillectomy in Patients With Prader-Willi Syndrome
Effects of oral zinc and vitamin A in acne
Green autofluorescence in human epidermal cells
Lipoatrophic panniculitis: a possible autoimmune inflammatory disease of fat. Report of three cases
New concepts of condyloma acuminata in children
Juvenile fibromatoses
Vitamin A acid in treatment of oral lichen planus
Letter: Topical colchicine therapy
Epidermal dystrophy. Occurrence after psoriasis therapy with psoralen and long-wave ultraviolet light
Mycobacterium avium-intracellulare infection associated with hairy-cell leukemia
Sporotrichosislike infection caused by Mycobacterium avium in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome
Isotretinoin and Staphylococcus aureus infection. A possible association
Atherogenic Vascular Stiffness and Hypertension
Erythema chronicum migrans in America
Nevi, lentigines, and melanomas in blacks
A simple portable capillaroscope
Irritant contact dermatitis from Agave americana L. Incorrect use of sap as "hair restorer"
Multiple desmoplastic trichoepitheliomas
Blue Macule on the Volar Surface of the Left Thumb—Diagnosis
Generalized granuloma annulare located on sun-exposed areas in a human immunodeficiency virus-seropositive man with ultraviolet B photosensitivity
Carbon dioxide lasers: a broader perspective
Error in Chemical Name
Mycologic examination for tinea pedis
Darier's disease with mucous membrane involvement. A case report
Clearing of melanoma in situ with intralesional interferon alfa in a patient with xeroderma pigmentosum
Cutaneous complications of central umbilical artery catheterization
Gram-negative folliculitis without systemic antibiotics?
Acral pseudolymphomatous angiokeratoma of children
Long-term follow-up of non-HIV Kaposi's sarcoma treated with low-dose recombinant interferon alfa-2b
Microbiology of infected epidermal cysts
Effects of oral zinc in erythropoietic protoporphyria
Development of psoriasis during dialysis
In vitro monitoring of amphotericin B therapy in disseminated coccidioidomycosis
Phili bifurcati: a new anomaly of hair growth
Primary inoculation complex (tuberculous chancre)
Severe visceral disease in subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus
Relationship between arsenic intake and internal malignant neoplasms
Topically applied niacinamide in isoniazid-induced pellagra
The inspissated umbilical bolus
The treatment of chondrodermatitis nodularis with cartilage removal alone
Psoriasis, glomerulonephritis, and rheumatic fever
Poikiloderma of civatte
Modified Goeckerman therapy for psoriasis. A two-year follow-up of a combined hospital-ambulatory care program
Origin of familial malignant melanomas from heritable melanocytic lesions. 'The B-K mole syndrome'
Health Policy in Medical Education: What Young Physicians Know About the Affordable Care Act
Urticaria pigmentosa discordant in identical twins
Pachydermoperiostosis with gastric hypertrophy, anemia, and increased serum bone Gla-protein levels
Touch preparations in diagnosis of skin disorders
Back-up lights
Cutaneous silica granuloma. A rare entity or rarely diagnosed? Report of two cases with review of the literature
Reactive perforating collagenosis
Widespread livedo reticularis with painful ulcerations
Photopheresis and systemic sclerosis
Chalazion clamp for dermatological surgery
Benzoyl peroxide and epidermal wound healing
Thiabendazole-induced toxic epidermal necrolysis
Nail plate-nail bed separation. An unusual side effect of systemic fluorouracil administration
Kaposi's varicelliform eruption. Two cases caused by herpesvirus hominis infection complicating Darier's disease
Isotretinoin in the treatment of acne: histologic changes, sebum production, and clinical observations
HLA antigens associated with Behcet's disease
Childhood pemphigus treated with gold
Histopathologic comparison of the subsets of lupus erythematosus
Clinical and histopathologic spectrum of necrotizing vasculitis. Report of findings in 101 cases
Letter: Hyperpigmentation of the upper part of the back
Allergic contact dermatitis in hand eczema
The multiple lentigines syndrome
Beta carotene in congenital porphyria